
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    20818000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   20818000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48919                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88616                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              189245943                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 313416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5380                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          9747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            848496493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            427322509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1275819003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       848496493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          848496493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           848496493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           427322509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1275819003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           415                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         415                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    26560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     26560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                  32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                   1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                   6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                   8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                  25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        20722000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     415                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean             252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     164.484740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     262.126687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             35     36.46%     36.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           26     27.08%     63.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           15     15.62%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511            6      6.25%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            3      3.12%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      3.12%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      2.08%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.04%     94.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      5.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             96                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        4745000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12526250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11433.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30183.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1275.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                     1275.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           9.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       9.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        309                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   74.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        49932.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      74.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     196560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     107250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                    959400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                1017120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               10792665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                  32250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 13105245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              827.743250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE          11500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF          520000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        15314750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     423360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     231000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   1536600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                1017120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               10696905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                 116250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 14021235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              885.598295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         271750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF          520000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        15224250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    3234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              3234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               514                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 2557                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                     881                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             34.454439                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     280                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            41637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              11661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          14637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        3234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               1161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                          9674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    1159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   51                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           746                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      2075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              22725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.149527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.648759                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    18699     82.28%     82.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                      221      0.97%     83.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      146      0.64%     83.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      231      1.02%     84.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      214      0.94%     85.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      258      1.14%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      336      1.48%     88.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      205      0.90%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2415     10.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                22725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.077671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.351538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    11462                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                  7072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      3206                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                    579                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  24310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                    579                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    11710                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    1815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      3327                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  4290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  23005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     71                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   4163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               26169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 57126                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            32219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups                 4                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 11063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    15106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 28                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             28                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      1472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 2371                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                1574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                20                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                6                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      20445                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  26                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     17161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                65                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           10724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         22725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.755160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.702113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               17737     78.05%     78.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                1126      4.95%     83.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                 880      3.87%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                 631      2.78%     89.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 810      3.56%     93.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 590      2.60%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 568      2.50%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 280      1.23%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 103      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           22725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     151     71.23%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     43     20.28%     91.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    18      8.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 3      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 13707     79.87%     79.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    4      0.02%     79.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     7      0.04%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 2071     12.07%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                1369      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  17161                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.412157                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         212                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              57316                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             31202                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15767                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   8                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  8                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            4                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  17366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       4                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads              220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1318                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          639                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                    579                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1449                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    39                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               20471                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                46                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  2371                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 1574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 26                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      5                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            136                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          524                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                  660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 16265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  1913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         3175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     1626                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1262                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.390638                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          16001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         15771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     10637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     16589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.378774                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.641208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           10723                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        20943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.465406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.357230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        17686     84.45%     84.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1          994      4.75%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2          561      2.68%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          764      3.65%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          370      1.77%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          129      0.62%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          114      0.54%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           70      0.33%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          255      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        20943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                 5380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                   9747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           1988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          1053                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       1208                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                      9653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  106                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu             7748     79.49%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               3      0.03%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                7      0.07%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            1053     10.80%     90.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite            935      9.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total              9747                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   255                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        41158                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       42744                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           18912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                          9747                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               7.739219                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         7.739219                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.129212                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.129212                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    20871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   12651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                         4                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                      8081                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                     4880                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    7277                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            81.973847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                2383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.143885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    81.973847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.020013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.033936                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              5305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             5305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          2383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             2383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         2383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            2383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6433000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6433000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     16086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     16086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     16086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     16086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.074636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.082353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78483.739837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78483.739837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83545.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83545.454545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80432.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80432.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80432.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80432.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          269                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5286500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5286500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6356000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6356000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85266.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85266.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82545.454545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82545.454545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83758.992806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83758.992806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83758.992806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83758.992806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           130.304167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                1706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              6.158845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   130.304167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.063625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.063625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.135254                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses              4427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses             4427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            1706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          1706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             1706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            1706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         2075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         2075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         2075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         2075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.177831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76239.837398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76239.837398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76239.837398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76239.837398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76239.837398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76239.837398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.133494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80574.007220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80574.007220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80574.007220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80574.007220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80574.007220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80574.007220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          162.380689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.002959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   130.343988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    32.036700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.010315                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             3743                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            3743                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          276                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6240500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6240500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21891500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     21891500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5193000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      5193000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21891500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     11433500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     21891500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11433500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          277                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996390                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.996390                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81045.454545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81045.454545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79317.028986                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79317.028986                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83758.064516                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83758.064516                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79317.028986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82255.395683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80301.204819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79317.028986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82255.395683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80301.204819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          276                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5470500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5470500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     19131500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19131500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4573000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4573000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     19131500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10043500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     19131500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10043500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71045.454545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71045.454545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69317.028986                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69317.028986                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73758.064516                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73758.064516                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69317.028986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72255.395683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70301.204819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69317.028986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72255.395683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70301.204819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          416                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           339                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           77                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          277                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           62                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        17728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              26624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.002404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.049029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                415     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  1      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         208000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        415500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        208500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total          830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        26560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        26560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   26560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     415    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2216750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
