
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000028                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    27803500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   27803500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 506128                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   505504                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2635153066                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 292480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5327                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             16320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        16320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           16320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            586976460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            308450375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               895426835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       586976460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          586976460                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           586976460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           308450375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              895426835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            55607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5327                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4505                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               10598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               4845                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          1401                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                         723                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        678                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               55606.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              1121                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   173      3.22%      3.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      3796     70.69%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                      723     13.46%     87.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     678     12.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       5370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            82.111103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                1253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.281481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    82.111103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.020047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.020047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.032959                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              2911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             2911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4455000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4455000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          673                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54240.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54240.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54696.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54696.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54696.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54696.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4374000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4374000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.075524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53240.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53240.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        54000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53696.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53696.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53696.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53696.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           117.031458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                5114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             19.898833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   117.031458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.057144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.057144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.125488                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             10999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            10999                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.047850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.047850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54682.879377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54682.879377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54682.879377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54682.879377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54682.879377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54682.879377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.047850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53682.879377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53682.879377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53682.879377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53682.879377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53682.879377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53682.879377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          142.152541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.009740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   116.493414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    25.659127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.003555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.009399                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             3525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            3525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13388000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     13388000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2782500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      2782500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     20423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     13388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     20423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          257                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.992218                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981481                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.960784                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.960784                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.285347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52501.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.285347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3442500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3442500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10838000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10838000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2252500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2252500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     10838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.992593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42501.960784                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42501.960784                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42501.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42501.285347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42501.960784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42501.285347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          392                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           81                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           81                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          257                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        16448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              25088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.007653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.087258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                389     99.23%     99.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  3      0.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            392                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        385500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                81                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        24896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   24896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     389    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 389                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1945500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
