
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.361489                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                361488536500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               361488536500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1117046                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1117092                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1656101101                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 428664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   218.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243825150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     243835265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             56256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            942336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               998592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        56256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           56256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              14724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 15603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               155623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2606821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2762444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          155623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             155623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              155623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2606821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2762444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  443                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        722977073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   243825150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     243835265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             194726494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     4252956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18619959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    194726494                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           456818988                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          215451553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                23256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  90                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     105711441                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    82803521                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   22907920                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               722977072.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          29302884                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass              28877736     11.81%     11.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 109842388     44.94%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      42      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 82803527     33.88%     90.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                22907920      9.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  244431613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            935475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3562.469029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           104186699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            939571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            110.887521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      134366269500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3562.469029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.869743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         211192111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        211192111                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     81327576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        81327576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     22855241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       22855241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         3882                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            3882                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     104182817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        104182817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    104182817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       104182817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       892857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        892857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        46710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        46710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             4                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         939567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        939567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11613736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11613736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1219002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1219002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        94000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12832738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12832738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12832738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12832738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     82220433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82220433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     22901951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     22901951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         3886                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         3886                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    105122384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    105122384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    105122384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    105122384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001029                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13007.386401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13007.386401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26097.238279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26097.238279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        23500                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23500                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13658.140399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13658.140399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13658.140399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13658.140399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       935266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            935266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       892857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       892857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       939567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       939567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       939567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10720879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10720879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1172292000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1172292000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        90000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11893171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11893171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11893171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11893171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001029                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12007.386401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12007.386401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25097.238279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25097.238279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        22500                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        22500                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12658.140399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12658.140399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12658.140399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12658.140399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                25                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           725.412972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           244420617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          277120.880952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   725.412972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.354206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.354206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.418457                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         488843880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        488843880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    244420617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       244420617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     244420617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        244420617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    244420617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       244420617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48389500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48389500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48389500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48389500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     48389500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48389500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    244421499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    244421499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    244421499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    244421499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    244421499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    244421499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54863.378685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54863.378685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54863.378685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54863.378685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54863.378685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54863.378685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47507500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47507500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47507500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53863.378685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53863.378685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53863.378685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53863.378685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53863.378685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53863.378685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         9730.625106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1813523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            15586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           116.355896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8847.670068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   738.635584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   144.319455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.004404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.296955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.475647                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         15069916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        15069916                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       935266                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       935266                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        32147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        32147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       892700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       892700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       924847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          924850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       924847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         924850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        14567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        14567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          879                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        14724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         15603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        14724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        15603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    764767500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    764767500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46150500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     46150500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      8242500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    773010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    819160500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     46150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    773010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    819160500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       935266                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       935266                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        46714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        46714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          882                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       892857                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       892857                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       939571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       940453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       939571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       940453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.311834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.996599                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52503.412969                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52503.412969                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52503.412969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.192271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52503.412969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52500.192271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        14567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          879                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    619097500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619097500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37360500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37360500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6672500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6672500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37360500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    625770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    663130500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     37360500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    625770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    663130500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.311834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.996599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42503.412969                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42503.412969                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42503.412969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42500.192271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42503.412969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42500.192271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1875953                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       935500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        893739                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       935266                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          233                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        46714                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        46714                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          882                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       892857                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2814616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           2816405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        56448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    119989568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          120046016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1875953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.001033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            1875951    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        1875953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     1873242500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1323000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1409356500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        31206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       998592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  998592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             15603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   15603    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               15603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            15606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78018000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
