
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000059                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    58892000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   58892000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 489554                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   489001                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5114816745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 679136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5624                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            18752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data             8768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        18752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          18752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data               137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                  430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst           318413367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           148882701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              467296067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      318413367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         318413367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst          318413367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          148882701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             467296067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                          430                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                        430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   27520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    27520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                       58762000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                    430                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                      430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     232.212389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    169.054443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    210.567831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            30     26.55%     26.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255           44     38.94%     65.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           17     15.04%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511            9      7.96%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      4.42%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      3.54%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.88%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      2.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                       3878500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 11941000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     2150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9019.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27769.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        467.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     467.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       313                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      136655.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                    196560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                    107250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                   678600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy               3559920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy              26204040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               9872250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy                40618620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             741.706329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      17140250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF        1820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       36672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                    635040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    346500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                  2425800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy               3559920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy              37227555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy                202500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy                44397315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             810.706261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        145000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF        1820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       52812500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            58892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      2                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         190                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4944                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             2                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                7054                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               3281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    3                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   1                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          2034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1132                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        902                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      58892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                               883                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   637     11.32%     11.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      2950     52.44%     63.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        2      0.04%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     63.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       2      0.04%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     1132     20.12%     83.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     902     16.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       5625                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            86.277492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                1896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.839416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    86.277492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.084255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.084255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.133789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              4203                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             4203                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            87                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5264000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     14174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     14174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102413.793103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102413.793103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       105280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 103459.854015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103459.854015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 103459.854015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103459.854015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5164000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055494                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100413.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100413.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       103280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 101459.854015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101459.854015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 101459.854015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101459.854015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           110.157629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                5329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             17.942761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   110.157629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.430303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.430303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             11549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            11549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5329                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         5626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         5626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101919.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101919.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101919.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101919.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 101919.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101919.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99919.191919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99919.191919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99919.191919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99919.191919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 99919.191919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99919.191919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            528                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           94                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops                0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                94                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                50                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                     962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         8768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                    27776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                                 0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples                528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                     0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      528    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                  528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy               528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              891000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy              411000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              183.881600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                     98                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  380                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.257895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   130.357827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    53.523773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.031826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.013067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.044893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.092773                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 4654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                4654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                   4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst               4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                  4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total             50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data            137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total               430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data           137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total              430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5014000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5014000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28701000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      8475000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     37176000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     13489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     42190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     13489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     42190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total             434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total            434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986532                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.990783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.990783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data       100280                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100280                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97955.631399                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97413.793103                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97831.578947                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97955.631399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98459.854015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98116.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 97955.631399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 98459.854015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98116.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           87                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4014000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4014000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22841000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6735000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        80280                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80280                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77955.631399                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77413.793103                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77831.578947                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77955.631399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78459.854015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78116.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77955.631399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78459.854015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78116.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               50                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   27520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     430    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            2299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
