
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.365989                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                365988859500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               365988859500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 563395                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   992048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1305133674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 455224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   280.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988548                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             51392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1871424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1922816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks         6528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total              6528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               140420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              5113336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 5253756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          140420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             140420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks             17837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                  17837                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks             17837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              140420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             5113336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5271592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        731977719                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             278169482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     40                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     8475189                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18628007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    278169482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            40                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           635379407                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          217447860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  26                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            104140596                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            61764861                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     122219137                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    90779385                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   31439752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               731977718.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          29309705                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16695      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 155945354     56.06%     56.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10938      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       329      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      12      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 90779385     32.63%     88.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                31439752     11.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  278192465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2062733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4076.488591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           120152370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2066829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             58.133677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      126079705500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4076.488591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.995236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         246505227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        246505227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     88818727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        88818727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31333643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31333643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     120152370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        120152370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    120152370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       120152370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25498474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25498474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2598457000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2598457000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28096931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28096931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28096931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28096931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     90779447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     90779447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    122219199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    122219199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    122219199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    122219199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13004.648292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13004.648292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24488.563647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24488.563647                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13594.221389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13594.221389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13594.221389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13594.221389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2062482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2062482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23537754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23537754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2492348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2492348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26030102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26030102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26030102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26030102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12004.648292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12004.648292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23488.563647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23488.563647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12594.221389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12594.221389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12594.221389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12594.221389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           665.632473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217695356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          269424.945545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   665.632473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.325016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.325016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.382812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         435393136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        435393136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    217695356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217695356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     217695356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217695356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    217695356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217695356                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44233500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44233500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44233500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44233500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44233500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44233500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    217696164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217696164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    217696164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217696164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    217696164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217696164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54744.430693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54744.430693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54744.430693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54744.430693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54744.430693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54744.430693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43425500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43425500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43425500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43425500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     43425500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43425500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53744.430693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53744.430693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53744.430693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53744.430693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53744.430693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53744.430693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements              313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        20041.891909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3992697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            30021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           132.996802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 19329.043320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   556.394677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   156.453912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.589876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.016980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.004775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.611630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29708                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.906616                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         33179282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        33179282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2062482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2062482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        77085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        77085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1960503                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1960503                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2037588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2037593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2037588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2037593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        29024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        29024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1523791000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1523791000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     11392500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     11392500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42159500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1535183500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1577343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42159500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1535183500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1577343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2062482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2062482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1960720                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2067637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2067637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.273530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.273530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.993812                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52501.068082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.068082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52502.490660                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52502.490660                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52502.490660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52501.060155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.098389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52502.490660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52501.060155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52501.098389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        29024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          217                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1233551000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1233551000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34129500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34129500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9222500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9222500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1242773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1242773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.273530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42501.068082                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42501.068082                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42502.490660                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42502.490660                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42502.490660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42501.060155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42501.098389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42502.490660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42501.060155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42501.098389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4130394                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2062757                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          197                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          197                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1961528                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2062584                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          486                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       106109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       106109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          808                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1960720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6196391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6198031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        51712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    264275904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          264327616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                         313                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4130707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.006906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            4130510    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                197      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        4130707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4127679000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3100243500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        60204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        60204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1929344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1929344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1929344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             30160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   30160    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               30160                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          150253000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
