
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841615                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841615117500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841615117500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 220643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   220643                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5550131764                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 377148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   331.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    73212541                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73212541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           495296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20794752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           141504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1560960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           279936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2513472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25786880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       495296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       141504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       279936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          916736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7468864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7468864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            324918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             24390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116701                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116701                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              268947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            11291584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               76837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              847604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              152006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1364819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14002318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         268947                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          76837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         152006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             497789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4055605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4055605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4055605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             268947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           11291584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              76837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             847604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             152006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1364819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18057923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         70263                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        43985                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       70263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      43985                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  4495872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2813888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   4496832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2815040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          17213                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                4650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                4721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               4675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               4103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               4580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               4354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840603135000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   70263                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  43985                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     50096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      5333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     3273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     1911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        20266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      360.690812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     203.028180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     371.433574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7252     35.78%     35.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4628     22.84%     58.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1637      8.08%     66.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          935      4.61%     71.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          704      3.47%     74.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          532      2.63%     77.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          447      2.21%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          402      1.98%     81.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3729     18.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          20266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          1889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        37.186342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      837.829732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           1887     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            1889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          1889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        23.275278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.746797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.833114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                34      1.80%      1.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 9      0.48%      2.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                2      0.11%      2.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               2      0.11%      2.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1521     80.52%     83.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              51      2.70%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27               9      0.48%     86.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              92      4.87%     91.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               2      0.11%     91.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               5      0.26%     91.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              17      0.90%     92.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              12      0.64%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               8      0.42%     93.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.05%     93.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.11%     93.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               3      0.16%     93.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               2      0.11%     93.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.21%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              10      0.53%     94.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              16      0.85%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            73      3.86%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             1      0.05%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.05%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.11%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.05%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             6      0.32%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             2      0.11%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            1889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      866118250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2183268250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    351240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12329.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31079.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         4.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      59265                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     34684                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     16110593.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      82.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   75993120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   41365500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 269661600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                139644000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89061061440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            36119290320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           800836482750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             926543498730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.762999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1308404512000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45532240000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9805597500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   77217840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   41955375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 278272800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                145262160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89061061440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35704397295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           801349556250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             926657723160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.725709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1308993682000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45532240000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9217388750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4860395                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6162                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428546                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3431856                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      685                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 164529                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8292251                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6847                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          210                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  593075                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2736971                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3081                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2740052                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       927057463                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31701170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31701170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29591762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                163845                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     797475                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4044448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29591762                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       163845                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           41150829                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21753171                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84843                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86199                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8322031                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4881580                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3440451                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              904905994.152015                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              22151468.847985                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023894                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976106                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5099323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1600258      5.05%      5.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 21086062     66.50%     71.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31841      0.10%     71.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12946      0.04%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1618      0.01%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5012305     15.81%     87.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3443548     10.86%     98.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                519649      1.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  31708227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6423                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211399                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74794     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105678     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182553                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73427     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73427     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818498105000     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39129500      0.00%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              356633500      0.02%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22720515500      1.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841614383500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694818                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815845                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175296     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192207                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1908                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1739                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322243                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080707                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391224                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29940410000      1.63%      1.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2625898500      0.14%      1.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809048073000     98.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13232435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.494090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   242.565333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    83.938780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   185.493697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.473760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.163943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.362292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63378181                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63378181                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4021743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1010855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2545337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7577935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3142602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       763669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1364636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5270907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        18184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       123337                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        20114                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55874                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199325                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7164345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1774524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3909973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12848842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7164345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1774524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3909973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12848842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       725431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        86189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       553303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1364923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       164575                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        38232                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       676790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       879597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9407                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2049                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7768                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19224                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       890006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       124421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1230093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2244520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       890006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       124421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1230093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2244520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2328658500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8887314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11215973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2137506500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29622827624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31760334124                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27247000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    151557500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    178804500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       125000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       125000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4466165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38510142124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42976307124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4466165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38510142124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42976307124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4747174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1097044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3098640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8942858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3307177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       801901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2041426                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6150504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123893                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        59288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123338                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        20114                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55878                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199330                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8054351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1898945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5140066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15093362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8054351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1898945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5140066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15093362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.178563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.331528                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.143012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.075928                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101270                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.131021                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094507                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000072                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.239315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.239315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27018.047547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16062.292270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8217.293576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55908.832915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43769.600059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36107.824520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13297.706198                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19510.491761                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9301.107990                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        31250                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        25000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35895.588365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31306.691546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19147.215050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35895.588365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31306.691546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19147.215050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1653965                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2392                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            59941                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.593217                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   199.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835815                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       291179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       291179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       576940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       576940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       868119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       868119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       868119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       868119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        86189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       262124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       348313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        99850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2049                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6186                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8235                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       124421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       361974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       486395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       124421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       361974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       486395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2961                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3482                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6443                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2242469500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4680386500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6922856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2099274500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4628925917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6728200417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25198000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     77699000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102897000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       121000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4341744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9309312417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13651056417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4341744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9309312417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13651056417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    280410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    323287500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    603697500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    352231500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    401647500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    753879000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    632641500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    724935000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1357576500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022451                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101270                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.104338                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040484                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000072                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26018.047547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17855.619859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19875.387941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54908.832915                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46358.797366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48726.122282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12297.706198                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12560.459101                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12495.081967                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        30250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30250                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34895.588365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25718.179806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28065.782784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34895.588365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25718.179806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28065.782784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 209105.145414                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 204871.673004                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206816.546763                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 217426.851852                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 210949.317227                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213927.071510                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 213658.054711                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 208195.002872                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210705.649542                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           964359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.170929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           40638696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           964870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.118312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10553576500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.050326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    76.933985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   179.186618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.498145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.150262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.349974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         42585531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        42585531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     31196035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7004527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2438134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       40638696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     31196035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7004527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2438134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        40638696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     31196035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7004527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2438134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       40638696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       512192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       346520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       981787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       512192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       346520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        981787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       512192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       346520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       981787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1869616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5082111473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6951727473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1869616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5082111473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6951727473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1869616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5082111473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6951727473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     31708227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7127602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2784654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41620483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     31708227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7127602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2784654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     41620483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     31708227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7127602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2784654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     41620483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.124439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.124439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.124439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15190.867357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14666.141848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7080.688044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15190.867357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14666.141848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7080.688044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15190.867357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14666.141848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7080.688044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7863                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              341                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.058651                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16739                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       329781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       452856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       329781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       452856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       329781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       452856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1746541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4501465478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6248006478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1746541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4501465478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6248006478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1746541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4501465478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6248006478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.118428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.118428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.118428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14190.867357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13649.863024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13796.894549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14190.867357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13649.863024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13796.894549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14190.867357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13649.863024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13796.894549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1115382                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1270                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           33                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  123322                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     822469                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      154                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          18                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  50514                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1937851                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1424                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           51                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  173836                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     768661                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      636                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          28                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 769297                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953409174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7126126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7126126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6614481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 39892                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     202987                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       849967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6614481                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        39892                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9205425                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4843983                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               21026                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21409                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1944596                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1119921                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    824675                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              926242764.786654                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              27166409.213346                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.028494                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.971506                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1116663                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               388723      5.45%      5.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4626654     64.91%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7726      0.11%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3756      0.05%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    538      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1147644     16.10%     86.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 825879     11.59%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                126681      1.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7127601                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               11557403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         10821969                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           122344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             9245404                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                7393469                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            79.969128                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 299976                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3543723                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12250                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          123                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  249931                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2185333                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2753                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         125                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  92110                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5729056                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     15003                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          248                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  342041                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     552866                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5354                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         182                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 558220                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        33083271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9301099                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      42932048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   11557403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           7693445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     21583805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 404638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       197395                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        92170                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          829                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2784665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                90858                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          31390787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.367664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.311444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21183291     67.48%     67.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  297740      0.95%     68.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  468841      1.49%     69.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 5764163     18.36%     88.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  882544      2.81%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  193394      0.62%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  232558      0.74%     92.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  434405      1.38%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1933851      6.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            31390787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.349343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.297697                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7618981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             14231209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  8576643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               528584                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                189420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              174742                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13252                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              39552027                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                41601                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                189420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7898470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4727919                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6647041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  8797977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2884017                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              38737545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                58522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                372966                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 93481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1809588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           25849349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             48570643                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        48506980                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59488                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             23977354                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1871995                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            535640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         63418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3866497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3518835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2279192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           461417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          331685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  36218811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             686292                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 35933838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            15798                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2519858                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1130776                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        490718                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     31390787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.144726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.617565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           18577248     59.18%     59.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2723782      8.68%     67.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1358088      4.33%     72.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            6489843     20.67%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1045865      3.33%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             589790      1.88%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             396015      1.26%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165397      0.53%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              44759      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       31390787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  81235     20.78%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     20.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                183347     46.90%     67.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               126357     32.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2960      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29699192     82.65%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21615      0.06%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              21814      0.06%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1480      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3672081     10.22%     93.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2209398      6.15%     99.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            305298      0.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              35933838                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.086163                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     390939                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.010879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         103401518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39305388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35307106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             263682                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            125410                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       122335                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              36181025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 140792                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          202971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       432355                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1077                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5954                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       178558                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       225000                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                189420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4054480                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               208473                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           38277538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3518835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2279192                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            610930                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12812                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               160010                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5954                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         60508                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134714                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              195222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             35737943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3564708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           195895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1372435                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5757521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 8471480                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2192813                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.080242                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      35472276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     35429441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 20887132                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 24638595                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.070917                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.847740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2638965                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         195574                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           178349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30927462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.150843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.846358                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19331784     62.51%     62.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2240622      7.24%     69.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1164134      3.76%     73.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6211408     20.08%     93.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       591221      1.91%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197085      0.64%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       163594      0.53%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       163249      0.53%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       864365      2.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30927462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            35592650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              35592650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5187114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3086480                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      68869                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   8299152                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    120520                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 34085086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              241488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1210365      3.40%      3.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        28775352     80.85%     84.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          21144      0.06%     84.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     84.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         21379      0.06%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1480      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3155349      8.87%     93.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2102283      5.91%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       305298      0.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         35592650                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               864365                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    68219321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   76925100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         177793                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1692484                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1742724515                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   34385245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     34385245                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.962136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.962136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.039354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.039354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                46956630                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               24762728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    74199                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   74347                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                6109617                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                275370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2084000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            88878376                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17358000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693946387000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9722962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9722962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2243179414                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2243179414                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9722962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9722962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9722962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9722962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 56202.092486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56202.092486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 53984.872305                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53984.872305                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 56202.092486                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56202.092486                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 56202.092486                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56202.092486                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17168                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        17168                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6172962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1384779414                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384779414                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6172962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6172962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6172962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.410405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.413169                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413169                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.410405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.410405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 86943.126761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86943.126761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 80660.497088                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80660.497088                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 86943.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86943.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 86943.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86943.126761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337421                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65422.020035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4006967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.953145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54749.853403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2632.785518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2879.050483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      437.699618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      567.874446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2112.962465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2041.794102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.835416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.040173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.006679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.008665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.032241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.031155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38426412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38426412                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835815                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            24197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            72759                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               187126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        504433                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        120864                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        325383                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            950680                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       484059                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        77838                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       255762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           817659                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              504433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              574229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              120864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              102035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              325383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              328521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1955465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             504433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             574229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             120864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             102035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             325383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             328521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1955465                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          14034                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          27292                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7739                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2211                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4374                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14324                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       250779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        10400                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            325173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             24434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             39620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7739                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           325173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            24434                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            39620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       564500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       564500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        80500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1787831500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3697147500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5484979000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    292437000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    582353000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    874790000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1317958500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1536135500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2854094000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    292437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3105790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    582353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5233283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9213863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    292437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3105790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    582353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5233283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9213863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835815                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       164564                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        38231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       100051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       512172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       123075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       329757                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        965004                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       734838                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        88238                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       268090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1091166                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          512172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          899402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          123075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          126469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          329757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          368141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2359016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         512172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         899402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         123075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         126469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         329757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         368141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2359016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.636364                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452067                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.367084                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.272781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015110                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017965                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013264                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014843                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.341271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.361544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.193201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.107622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.361544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.193201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.107622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43423.076923                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26880.952381                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        40250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127392.867322                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135466.345449                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47398.712409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132264.586160                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 133139.689072                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61071.628037                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126726.778846                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 124605.410448                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10435.177162                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132264.586160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127109.355816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 133139.689072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132086.900555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22831.966715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132264.586160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127109.355816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 133139.689072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132086.900555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22831.966715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75189                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75189                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          181                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          181                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14034                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        27292                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2211                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4374                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6585                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12328                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            70639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           70639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2961                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3482                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6443                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       922500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       922500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        70500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1647491500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3424227500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5071719000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270327000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    538613000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808940000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1213958500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1444189500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2658148000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2861450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    538613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4868417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8538807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2861450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    538613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4868417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8538807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    263647500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    303562500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    567210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    333601500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    379751500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    713353000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    597249000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    683314000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1280563000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393939                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.367084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.272781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.193201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.193201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.107622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70961.538462                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70961.538462                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        70500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117392.867322                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 125466.345449                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122724.652761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122264.586160                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 123139.689072                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122845.861807                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116726.778846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 117147.104153                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116954.769447                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122264.586160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117109.355816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 123139.689072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 122877.763756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120879.499993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122264.586160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117109.355816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 123139.689072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 122877.763756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120879.499993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 196605.145414                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 192371.673004                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 194316.546763                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 205926.851852                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 199449.317227                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 202427.071510                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 201705.167173                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 196241.815049                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 198752.599721                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            116701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261800                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        288004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1177927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1302846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30608832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30654400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33318656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              161                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            840917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  840917    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              840917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11282500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           355534840                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              348500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          377985955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           28782491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4716700                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2358029                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1601                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1128                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1128                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2063159                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           879803                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1563697                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              33                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             38                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302846                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302846                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        965048                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1091237                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17168                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2894139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4214034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7108173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     61761536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142741760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              204503296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          421014                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5154488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029472                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                5150007     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4481      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            5154488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1335525500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           102462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         679735096                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         746367473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
