
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000027                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    26944000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   26944000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95332                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    95323                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              177899852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 294468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       14436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         14436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                31296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        21888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           21888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            812351544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            349168646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1161520190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       812351544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          812351544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           812351544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           349168646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1161520190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           489                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         489                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    31296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     31296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                   2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        26891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     489                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           73                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      396.273973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     268.840282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     332.152795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             12     16.44%     16.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           20     27.40%     43.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           11     15.07%     58.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511            7      9.59%     68.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      8.22%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            1      1.37%     78.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      6.85%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.37%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10     13.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             73                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        3681750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12850500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7529.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26279.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1161.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                     1161.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           9.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       9.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   83.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        54991.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     302400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     165000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2082600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                1525680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               15849990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                 267750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 20193420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              854.974120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         363750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF          780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        22488750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     241920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     132000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   1318200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                1525680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               15637950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                 453750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 19309500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              817.549616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        2040000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF          780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        22166500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                    8026                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              5198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 5876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                    3165                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             53.863172                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     554                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            53889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              13792                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          37180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                        8026                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               3719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         15452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    2149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1088                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      6095                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              31410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.183699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.297330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    20227     64.40%     64.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     5497     17.50%     81.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      701      2.23%     84.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      561      1.79%     85.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      758      2.41%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      907      2.89%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      332      1.06%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      377      1.20%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     2050      6.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                31410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.148936                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.689937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    10981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 12209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      6549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  28093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    11557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                     929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      6585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  1389                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  25671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                    994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               23124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 48097                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            39637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 13819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                     9305                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      3478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 3489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                2288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                 4                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores                0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      22031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     20835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                 8                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined            8299                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         5262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            229                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         31410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.663324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.403192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               23338     74.30%     74.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                2945      9.38%     83.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                1556      4.95%     88.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                1448      4.61%     93.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                 938      2.99%     96.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 645      2.05%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 357      1.14%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 149      0.47%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  34      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           31410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      59     33.33%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     33.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     51     28.81%     62.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    67     37.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 15392     73.88%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     73.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 3355     16.10%     89.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                2088     10.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  20835                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.386628                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         177                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.008495                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              73265                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             31060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19408                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  21012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               30                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         1264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           27                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            30                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                     918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    12                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               23852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  3489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 2288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                704                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      4                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             27                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            261                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          835                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 20012                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  3241                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts               823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                          1117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         5240                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     4296                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       1999                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.371356                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          19648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         19408                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                      9326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     12017                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.360148                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.776067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts            8625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts               978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        29597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.512282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        23176     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3360     11.35%     89.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1108      3.74%     93.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          619      2.09%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          326      1.10%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          270      0.91%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          381      1.29%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           67      0.23%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          290      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        29597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                15162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           3673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          2225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3358                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     12174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          726      4.79%      4.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            10763     70.99%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            2225     14.67%     90.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           1448      9.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             15162                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        52271                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       49405                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           22479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         14436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.732959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.732959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.267884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.267884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    32029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   17799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    6992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            98.069813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                4030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.602740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    98.069813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.023943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.035645                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              9286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             9286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         2991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            2991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total               6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          4024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             4024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         4024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            4024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     26970477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26970477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     36071477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     36071477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     36071477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     36071477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 69473.282443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69473.282443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65942.486553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65942.486553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66799.031481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66799.031481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66799.031481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66799.031481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1282                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.481481                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          393                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6383500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6383500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.032209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80296.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80296.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76909.638554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76909.638554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78384.353741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78384.353741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78384.353741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78384.353741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           190.290590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                5576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             16.209302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   190.290590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.092915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.092915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          344                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             12534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            12534                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         5576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            5576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          5576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             5576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            5576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     36200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     36200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         6095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         6095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.085152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69750.481696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69750.481696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69750.481696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69750.481696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69750.481696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69750.481696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     26532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.056440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77127.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77127.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77127.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77127.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77127.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77127.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          224.000415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.004938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   189.663901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    34.336514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.006836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.012360                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             4416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            4416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          342                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6258000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6258000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25992500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     25992500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5044000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      5044000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25992500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     11302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37294500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     25992500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37294500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          344                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994186                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.994186                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75397.590361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75397.590361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76001.461988                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76001.461988                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78812.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78812.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76001.461988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76884.353741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76266.871166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76001.461988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76884.353741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76266.871166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          342                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5428000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5428000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22572500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22572500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22572500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32414500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     22572500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32414500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65397.590361                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65397.590361                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66001.461988                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66001.461988                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68968.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68968.750000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66001.461988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66952.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66287.321063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66001.461988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66952.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66287.321063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          491                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           407                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          344                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        22016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              31360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.004073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.063757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                489     99.59%     99.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  2      0.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         245500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        516000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        31232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   31232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     489    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              593500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2584750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
