
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.141985                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5141984685500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5141984685500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 264541                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525842                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5597553756                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1010248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   918.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243010444                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     483045307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           439936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4996672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           212288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2043456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           288960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3313664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11325056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       439936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       212288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       288960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          941184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9131200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9131200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             78073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              3317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             31929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             51776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                176954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          142675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               142675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               85558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              971740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               41285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              397406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               56196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              644433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2202468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          85558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          41285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          56196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             183039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1775812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1775812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1775812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              85558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             971740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              41285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             397406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              56196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             644433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3978280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         91559                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        81706                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       91559                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      81706                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5853184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5229184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5859776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5229184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      103                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          24142                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               6216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                5036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                5321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               5504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5140984417000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   91559                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  81706                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     86389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     6202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        40084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      276.476998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     167.125046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     300.303961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15966     39.83%     39.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9813     24.48%     64.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4306     10.74%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2350      5.86%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1723      4.30%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1131      2.82%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          740      1.85%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          595      1.48%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3460      8.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          40084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.316984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      232.117398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            4096     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.938019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.673577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       12.950142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                68      1.66%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 4      0.10%      1.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                3      0.07%      1.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               4      0.10%      1.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            3475     84.80%     86.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              74      1.81%     88.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              28      0.68%     89.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             103      2.51%     91.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              14      0.34%     92.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              88      2.15%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              45      1.10%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               5      0.12%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               8      0.20%     95.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               8      0.20%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               2      0.05%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               4      0.10%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             126      3.07%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.02%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               1      0.02%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              13      0.32%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               1      0.02%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.02%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.02%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               2      0.05%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             2      0.05%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            15      0.37%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1118460500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2833260500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    457280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12229.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30979.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      73104                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     59973                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     29671222.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  146323800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   79666125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 342256200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                267792480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           250395110160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            96409908585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2240143266750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             2587784324100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.897651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3686083069500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    128013860000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     19995411750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  156711240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   85300875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 371092800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                261662400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           250395110160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            96741256995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2232099467250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             2580110601720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.145421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3685614437250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    128013860000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     20427995000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1069587616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   72296493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147472982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            135372886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     990052                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14329607                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   135372886                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          248231827                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         116398223                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            84256506                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           56232303                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13832544                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10299641                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3532903                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1014098909.517961                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              55488706.482039                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.051879                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.948121                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15685270                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                94460      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                133436032     90.48%     90.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   61341      0.04%     90.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    50787      0.03%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10297804      6.98%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3532903      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 147473327                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1636478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19597198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1636990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.971483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   184.606115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   212.665668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   114.727666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.360559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.415363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.224077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88196545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88196545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5063587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2515932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      3866751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11446270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3403152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1746042                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2940280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8089474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        21659                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        10037                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        27859                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59555                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8466739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4261974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6807031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19535744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8488398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4272011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6834890                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19595299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       370405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       158702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       782991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1312098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       124734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        62333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       138967                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       326034                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       153415                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        61804                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       191235                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406454                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       495139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       221035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       921958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1638132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       648554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1113193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2044586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2348294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12545085500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14893379500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4136391991                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6933238397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11069630388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6484685991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19478323897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25963009888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6484685991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19478323897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25963009888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5433992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2674634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4649742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12758368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3527886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1808375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3079247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8415508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       175074                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        71841                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       219094                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       466009                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8961878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4483009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7728989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21173876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9136952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4554850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7948083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21639885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.068164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.168395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034469                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.045130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876287                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.860289                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.872845                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.872202                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.119286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.140058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14796.877166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16022.004723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11350.813354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66359.584666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49891.257615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33952.380390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29337.824286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21127.127154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15849.156166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22927.128122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17497.706055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12698.419087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       213021                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            22215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.589061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1547054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1547054                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       367229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       367294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        33525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       400754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       402530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       400754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       402530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       158637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       415762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       574399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        60622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       105442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       166064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        61803                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       187828                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       249631                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       219259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       521204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       740463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       281062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       709032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       990094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       185046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       202918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       387964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       188526                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       204961                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       393487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2187272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5900092500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8087364500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3897729991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6072748397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9970478388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1081694500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2966872000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4048566500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6085001991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11972840897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18057842888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7166696491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14939712897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22106409388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30549904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  32777781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63327685500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    637496500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    432772500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1070269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31187401000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33210553500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  64397954500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.089416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033523                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.860275                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.857294                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535678                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.089208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13787.905722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14191.033572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14079.698084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64295.635099                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 57593.258825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60039.974877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17502.297623                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15795.685414                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16218.204069                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27752.575680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22971.506161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24387.231891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25498.631942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21070.576359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22327.586459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 165093.568626                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 161532.150918                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 163230.829407                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 183188.649425                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 211831.864905                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 193783.994206                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 165427.585585                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 162033.525890                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 163659.674907                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           856629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.743625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          130224655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           857141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           151.929093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     149031497500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   143.311880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   129.505351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   237.926394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.279906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.252940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.464700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        131961129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       131961129                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     88027171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     39361631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2835853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      130224655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     88027171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     39361631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2835853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       130224655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     88027171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     39361631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2835853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      130224655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       330869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       371512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       879324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       330869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       371512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        879324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       330869                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       371512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       879324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2702410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5371996473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8074406473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2702410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5371996473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8074406473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2702410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5371996473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8074406473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     88358040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     39538574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3207365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    131103979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     88358040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     39538574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3207365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    131103979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     88358040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     39538574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3207365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    131103979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15272.771457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14459.819529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9182.515743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15272.771457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14459.819529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9182.515743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15272.771457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14459.819529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9182.515743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              455                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.483516                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        22174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       349338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       526281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       349338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       526281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       349338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2525467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4769426473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7294893473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2525467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4769426473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7294893473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2525467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4769426473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7294893473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14272.771457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13652.755993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13861.213825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14272.771457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13652.755993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13861.213825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14272.771457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13652.755993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13861.213825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2608369012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35935781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     69853480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             64823976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     488968                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6599189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    64823976                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          120030856                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          55861909                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36569866                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           27235503                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4739526                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2929606                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1809920                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2476291441.144386                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              132077570.855614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.050636                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.949364                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7267259                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                35769      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 65023245     93.08%     93.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   31643      0.05%     93.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    24977      0.04%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2928241      4.19%     97.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1809920      2.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  69853795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               28595724                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         28595724                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           274281                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            25954960                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25419524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.937057                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 541766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             58217                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       155590039                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9827756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     141445049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   28595724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          25961290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    144324316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 577708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     89529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             9926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52140                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1381                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3207378                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               141789                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2491                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         154597903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.800587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.004500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0               100285595     64.87%     64.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  850088      0.55%     65.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23359910     15.11%     80.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  558025      0.36%     80.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  768716      0.50%     81.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  809103      0.52%     81.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  512827      0.33%     82.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  703407      0.45%     82.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                26750232     17.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           154597903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.183789                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.909088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 8590820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             95748375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 20322096                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              4023271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                289506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             275783905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                289506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10203934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               77122652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4692669                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 22463307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             14202064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             274713209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               193941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5398657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 70031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               7189088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          328421156                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            598952608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       367856783                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              202                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            317944423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10476733                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            154897                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        156262                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 19984245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6287198                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3639298                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           400920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          367403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 273029174                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             403661                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                271361789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            92310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7713990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11716947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         58327                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    154597903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.755275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.385225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           93164208     60.26%     60.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5135729      3.32%     63.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3649233      2.36%     65.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3187928      2.06%     68.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23055647     14.91%     82.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2154571      1.39%     84.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23598215     15.26%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             439899      0.28%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             212473      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      154597903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1212353     81.77%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                211907     14.29%     96.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                58391      3.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            71762      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            261142020     96.23%     96.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               52428      0.02%     96.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                48121      0.02%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 75      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6661415      2.45%     98.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3385968      1.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             271361789                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.744082                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1482651                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         698896144                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        281150786                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    269884047                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                298                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               286                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          110                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             272772537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          697485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1044107                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4726                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557112                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       749552                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        25864                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                289506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               69224885                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4893125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          273432835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            29776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6287198                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3639298                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            235948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                164149                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4411192                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4726                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        153905                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       164065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              317970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            270855594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6536848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           455372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9843230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27477788                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3306382                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.740829                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     270693369                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    269884157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                210625616                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                345602988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.734585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609444                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7711989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         345334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           277097                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    153447715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.731657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.637088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     96780970     63.07%     63.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4222028      2.75%     65.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1231000      0.80%     66.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24221852     15.79%     82.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       924771      0.60%     83.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       693299      0.45%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       425605      0.28%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22935468     14.95%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2012722      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    153447715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           134778170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             265718845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8325277                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5243091                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     153740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27132938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                242753564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              416792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        41984      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       257254606     96.81%     96.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          50787      0.02%     96.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46205      0.02%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5243061      1.97%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3082186      1.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        265718845                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2012722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   424836983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  548017282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         100227                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         992136                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4909996040                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  134778170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    265718845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.154416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.154416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.866239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.866239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               360832495                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              216221900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    73134                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   73024                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                137826475                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               106107258                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               87959882                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                137617                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              3552161                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             3552161                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57740                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57740                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      7080234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      7124546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 7223136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      3540117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13934                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      3568475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  6602951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2194728                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              3095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               748000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                22000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            140118000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy              142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy             8907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy           119418499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           295238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            23500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47573                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.105025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000694858009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.105025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.006564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428652                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          908                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              908                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17834920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17834920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3008484579                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   3008484579                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17834920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     17834920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17834920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     17834920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 19641.982379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19641.982379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 64393.933626                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64393.933626                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 19641.982379                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19641.982379                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 19641.982379                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19641.982379                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23200                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        23200                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10334920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10334920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1848484579                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1848484579                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10334920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10334920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10334920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10334920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.165198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.496575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.165198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.165198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68899.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68899.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 79676.059440                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79676.059440                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68899.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68899.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 68899.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68899.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   104099                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64798.751400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4622477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   168145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    27.491017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50975.916354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.134600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1575.171206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4997.364493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      516.989893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1851.248692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     5.076348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      959.125226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3917.724589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.777831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.024035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.076254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.028248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.014635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.059780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.988750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977264                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 41263442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                41263442                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        11603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        52514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        10913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 110945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1547054                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1547054                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              89                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              72                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             110                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 271                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            61093                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            33233                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            64950                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               159276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        323982                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        173626                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        344819                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            842427                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       508184                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       215306                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       591519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1315009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         19237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              323982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              569277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         11603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              173626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              248539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         52514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         10913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              344819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              656469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2427659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             323982                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             569277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        11603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             173626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             248539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        52514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        10913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             344819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             656469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2427659                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                   27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           513                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           271                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           590                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1374                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63039                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          27048                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          39843                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             129930                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         6874                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         3317                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4515                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14706                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        15636                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         5134                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          32791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             78675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              3317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             32182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             51864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                177454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            78675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             3317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            32182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            51864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               177454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        3365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9668000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21075000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     30743000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3435112000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5180711000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8615823000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    436377500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    614163500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1050541000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    677555500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1659818500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2337374000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    436377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4112667500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    614163500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6840529500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     12007103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    436377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4112667500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    614163500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6840529500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    12007103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        52536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        10913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             110972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1547054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1547054                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          343                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          700                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1645                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124132                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        60281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       104793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           289206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       330856                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       176943                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       349334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        857133                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       523820                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       220440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       603540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1347800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          330856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          647952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          176943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          280721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        52536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        10913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          349334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          708333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2605113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         330856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         647952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         176943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         280721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        52536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        10913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         349334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         708333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2605113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.000243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.852159                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.790087                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.842857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.835258                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.507838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.448699                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.380207                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.449265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.020776                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018746                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012925                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.017157                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029850                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023290                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019917                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024329                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.020776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.121421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.114641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.012925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.073220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.020776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.121421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.114641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.012925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.073220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 152977.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124648.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35675.276753                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35720.338983                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22374.818049                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127000.591541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 130028.135432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66311.267606                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131557.883630                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 136027.353267                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71436.216510                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131974.191663                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 138076.574328                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71280.961239                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131557.883630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127794.030825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 152977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 136027.353267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 131893.596714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67663.188770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131557.883630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127794.030825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 152977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 136027.353267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 131893.596714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67663.188770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               96008                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    96008                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           60                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          590                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          861                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        27048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         66891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3317                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4515                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7832                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5134                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12021                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        17155                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        32182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        51864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            91900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        32182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        51864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           91900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       185046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       202918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       387964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       188526                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       204961                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       393487                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19128000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     41736500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60864500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3164632000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4782281000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7946913000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    403207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    569013500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    972221000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    626215500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1539731000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2165946500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    403207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3790847500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3145500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    569013500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6322012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11088226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    403207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3790847500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      3145500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    569013500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6322012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11088226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28236829500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30241305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58478134500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    597476500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    409274000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1006750500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28834306000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30650579000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59484885000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.790087                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.842857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523404                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.448699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.380207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.035277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.073220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 142977.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142977.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70583.025830                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70739.830508                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70690.476190                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117000.591541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 120028.135432                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118803.919810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121557.883630                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 126027.353267                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124134.448417                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121974.191663                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 128086.764828                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126257.446809                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121557.883630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117794.030825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 142977.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 126027.353267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 121895.958661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120655.342764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121557.883630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117794.030825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 142977.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 126027.353267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 121895.958661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120655.342764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 152593.568626                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 149032.145990                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 150730.826829                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 171688.649425                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 200329.907000                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182283.269962                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 152946.044577                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 149543.469245                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 151173.698242                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5081876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5130307                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            142675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            129637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           129637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         48432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      7124546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      3067080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       461494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total     10653122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       142139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       142139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10798595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      3568475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      6134157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17466624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     27169256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3035200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3035200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                30211124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              409                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5475610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.000304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.017446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 5473943     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1667      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5475610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           227177500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           301308000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           538434425                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1326481306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           41176558                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5040257                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2546109                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1148                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1148                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5235870                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7440960                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13939                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13939                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1628762                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          950991                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           289206                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          289206                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        857150                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1347950                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq             920                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        23200                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2570707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     15105454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        66396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       204903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              17947460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54857344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    213491432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       241048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       697376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              269287200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          238040                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10439686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.071166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0               10386543     99.49%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  53143      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           10439686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2709674498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           251420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         789952436                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1874874404                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          23291487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          94859175                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
