
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059549                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59549031000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59549031000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 320796                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   320796                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              216005540                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 307628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   275.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            500352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10147264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10647616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       500352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          500352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7320640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7320640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               7818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                166369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              8402353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            170401832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               178804186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         8402353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            8402353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         122934662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              122934662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         122934662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             8402353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           170401832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              301738848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        166369                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114385                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      166369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114385                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10647296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7318592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10647616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7320640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     59549007000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  166369                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114385                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    164750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      328.014023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     195.067660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     330.383666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19491     35.59%     35.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11850     21.64%     57.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5663     10.34%     67.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3680      6.72%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2902      5.30%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2048      3.74%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1635      2.99%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1469      2.68%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6030     11.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.634839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      336.413145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7035     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.247940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.232365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.745442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6264     89.00%     89.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 17      0.24%     89.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                601      8.54%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                122      1.73%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 23      0.33%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  6      0.09%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  2      0.03%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::27                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2001235750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5120560750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    831820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12029.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30779.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         178.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         122.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      178.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      122.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144462                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81475                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       212103.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  199614240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  108916500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 641355000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                368899920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             3888958320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            12587581890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            24683289750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              42478615620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              713.426150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40913813750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1988220000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     16639693750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  214137000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  116840625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 655777200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                371764080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             3888958320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            13157757450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            24183135750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              42588370425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              715.269477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40075806250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1988220000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     17478332750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14666095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9488989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            386100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9897774                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6385513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             64.514637                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1708089                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              84886                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20569916                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      97322                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            10                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20667238                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14665322                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9407                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14674729                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35235238                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106729                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            10                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35341967                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25606453                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5227                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25611680                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        119098062                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1106110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.346683                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.742565                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        91473495                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        27624567                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4070.715334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34616231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.973411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         687575500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4070.715334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70176386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70176386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20282965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20282965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34616231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34616231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34616231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34616231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        89420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       369531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       369531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369531                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4765724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4765724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21723340000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21723340000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  26489064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26489064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  26489064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26489064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20372385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20372385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34985762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34985762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34985762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34985762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53295.951689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53295.951689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77552.613071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77552.613071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71682.927819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71682.927819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71682.927819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71682.927819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2678183500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2678183500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10981560500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10981560500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13659744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13659744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13659744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13659744000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43686.216459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43686.216459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76496.168769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76496.168769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66677.783093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66677.783093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66677.783093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66677.783093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            152851                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1932.369225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25451553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            154899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            164.310635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42309465500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1932.369225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.943540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51367805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51367805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25451553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25451553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25451553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25451553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25451553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25451553                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        154900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         154900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        154900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2550963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2550963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2550963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2550963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2550963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2550963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25606453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25606453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25606453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25606453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25606453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25606453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16468.450613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16468.450613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16468.450613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16468.450613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16468.450613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16468.450613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       154900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       154900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       154900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2396064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2396064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2396064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2396064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2396064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2396064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15468.457069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15468.457069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15468.457069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15468.457069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15468.457069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15468.457069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           132445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30425.579826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             402950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           164521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             2.449231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 25961.899693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2481.819774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1981.860360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.060482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978882                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          6015111                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         6015111                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12676                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       147081                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       147081                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        33635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        33635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       147081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          193392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       147081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         193392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         7819                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         7819                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        27669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        27669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        166370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166370                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10633082500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10633082500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    619293500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    619293500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2232602500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2232602500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    619293500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12865685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13484978500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    619293500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12865685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13484978500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       154900                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        61304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        61304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       359762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       154900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       359762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050478                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.050478                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451341                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.451341                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.462445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.462445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81241.748292                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81241.748292                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79203.670546                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79203.670546                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80689.670751                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80689.670751                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79203.670546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81145.404318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81054.147382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79203.670546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81145.404318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81054.147382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114385                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2091                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         2091                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7819                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7819                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27669                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        27669                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       166370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       166370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9324262500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9324262500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    541113500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541113500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1955912500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955912500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    541113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11280175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11821288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    541113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11280175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11821288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71241.748292                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71241.748292                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69204.949482                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69204.949482                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70689.670751                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70689.670751                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69204.949482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71145.404318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71054.207489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69204.949482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71145.404318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71054.207489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       713379                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       353617                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4025                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4025                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        216203                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       282838                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       203224                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       154900                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        61304                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       462650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       610490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1073140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      9913536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23892160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           33805696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      132445                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       845824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.004759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.068819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0             841799     99.52%     99.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               4025      0.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         845824                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      525142500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     232349997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     307296493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            114385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         35487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       463248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 463248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17968256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17968256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            296879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  296879    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              296879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           824874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          878418750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
