
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006094                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     6094458                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    6094458                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  58915                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 544772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   103.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39764032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39764032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19451264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19451264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       621313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              621313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       303926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             303926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   6524621550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            6524621550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   3191631479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           3191631479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   9716253029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           9716253029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      621333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     303926                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    621333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   303926                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39132480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  632192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                19235456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39765312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19451264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   9878                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  3352                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             76084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             38021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             37717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             37434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             37597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             37617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             37600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             37306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             37262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       6094364                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                621333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               303926                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   12614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   16926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   24924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   30287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   35331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   37577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   36100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   32063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  28594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  26472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  25440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  24994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  24297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  23452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  22114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  20085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  19573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  19246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  18919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  18483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  17384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  15463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  12615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                   9072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                   5403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                   2490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                    852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                    194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  13120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  16621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  19689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  17477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  18689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  19714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  20349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  21128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  21781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                  12862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                  11204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   9770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   8766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   7847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   6903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   5981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   5331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   4754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   4259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   3842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   3387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   3113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   2634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   2352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   2047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   1787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   1566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   1320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   1180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       252796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    230.887704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   185.257710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.538914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45820     18.13%     18.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103869     41.09%     59.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56524     22.36%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26591     10.52%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12053      4.77%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5022      1.99%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1879      0.74%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          667      0.26%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          371      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       252796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.585663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     30.328772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     11.770408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             955      5.25%      5.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             90      0.49%      5.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            53      0.29%      6.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          5978     32.84%     38.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          8627     47.39%     86.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          1420      7.80%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           150      0.82%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           324      1.78%     96.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           363      1.99%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           136      0.75%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            41      0.23%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            36      0.20%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           13      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         18205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.509420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.442130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.668297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            15874     87.20%     87.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              492      2.70%     89.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              406      2.23%     92.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              320      1.76%     93.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              297      1.63%     95.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              221      1.21%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22              199      1.09%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23              123      0.68%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               96      0.53%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               59      0.32%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26               35      0.19%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27               33      0.18%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28               22      0.12%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29               13      0.07%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                9      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                5      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         18205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     65625909                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                77243364                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3057225                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       107.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  126.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      6420.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      3156.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   6524.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   3191.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        74.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    50.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   24.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      15.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      32.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   364864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  294336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 59.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                97.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          6.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1909232640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1060684800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7623545280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3113116416                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            397693920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4149780804                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             13210200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            18267264060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           3000.068987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           21                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        203320                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       5885621                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            397693920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            131582448                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3537915600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4067191968                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5885592                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        203320                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99235                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55276                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99504                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55438                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99803                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55490                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99664                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55571                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55141                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98993                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55521                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98704                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55280                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99571                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55135                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       626635                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998458                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997194                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125848                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          22      0.00%      0.02% |      626509     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        626635                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              626507                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1244.945150                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean           1011.314987                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            668.400305                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      108851     17.37%     17.37% |      146909     23.45%     40.82% |      142986     22.82%     63.65% |      142296     22.71%     86.36% |       76007     12.13%     98.49% |        9399      1.50%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                626507                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples            2863                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean        1132.518687                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean        620.916073                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev        708.964831                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |         672     23.47%     23.47% |         629     21.97%     45.44% |         656     22.91%     68.35% |         578     20.19%     88.54% |         301     10.51%     99.06% |          27      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total              2863                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         623644                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1245.461273                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean      1013.582286                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       668.165388                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      108179     17.35%     17.35% |      146280     23.46%     40.80% |      142330     22.82%     63.62% |      141718     22.72%     86.35% |       75706     12.14%     98.49% |        9372      1.50%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           623644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times             2147                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times         621494                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           21                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           20                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78366                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           19                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78331                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78350                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           24                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78332                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles             7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           16                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78475                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           22                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           26                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         1668                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       624699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       626367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized    11.231610                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78427                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81678                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       107515                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       326936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5880816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7741080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2615488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized    11.222233                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78366                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81679                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       107261                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       326945                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5880888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7722792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2615560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized    11.193288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78090                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81339                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          199                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4          143                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       106812                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       326897                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5856408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        14328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7690464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2615176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized    11.227565                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81572                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       107465                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       327036                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5873184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7737480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2616288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized    11.207941                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78332                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4          134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       107022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       326647                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5870592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7705584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2613176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized    11.239334                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78475                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       107742                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       327195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5875776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7757424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2617560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized    11.179157                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        77984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       106745                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       326495                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       623872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5840640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7685640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2611960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized    11.220542                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78363                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81698                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          207                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       107207                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626367                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       326900                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5882256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      7718904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2615200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    42.069721                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624699                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14860                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       916229                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       318172                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5010944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4997592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1069920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       120240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         8440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     65968488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      2545376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    39.417693                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       635313                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::4            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       295224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       318173                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4997592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45742536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         7272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     21256128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      2545384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    19.496901                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       651201                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1771                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          713                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4      1034611                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       318173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1      4384575                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3      2615058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5010944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4997592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46886472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       127512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        51336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     74491992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      2545384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1     35076600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3     20920464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3753201                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1953604                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data         5313                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data         2139                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         3216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3103833                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       954519                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      9395512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Persistent_Control      5811231                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     30025608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    140659488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       382536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data       154008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        25728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    223475976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      7636152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     75164096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Persistent_Control     46489848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    13.875688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79822                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547940                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5747184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1054008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383520                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     8.587531                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78427                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78427                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       133632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6687072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       291000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization    13.867197                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79803                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548001                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290562                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5745816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1046592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     8.577268                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78366                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1876                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92725                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78366                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36383                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       135072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6676200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       291064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization    13.840681                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79478                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14458                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548277                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5722416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1040976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     8.545895                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78090                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1861                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          105                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92354                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78090                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       133992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6649488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       624720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       290688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization    13.871923                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79695                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14677                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548036                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5738040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1056744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     8.583208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1877                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          133                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92788                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78331                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36475                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       135144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6680736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       291800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization    13.853865                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79682                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548035                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5737104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1040760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     8.562017                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78332                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1854                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          133                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92567                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78332                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36086                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       133488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6664824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       288688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization    13.881431                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79773                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547893                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5743656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1062720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     8.597237                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78475                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78475                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36634                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       132120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6694704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       293072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization    13.829876                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79282                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          202                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14516                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548383                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5708304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1045152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4387064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     8.528437                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        77984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1838                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92229                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        77984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        35934                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       623872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       132336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6640488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       623872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       287472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization    13.864112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           70                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548004                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5743296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1048320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     8.576973                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78363                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1930                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          165                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        92647                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78363                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        36339                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       138960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6670584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       290712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    53.700953                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       625287                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5010944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         8416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45020664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    30.438490                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624699                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14860                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       290942                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       318172                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4997592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1069920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       120240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     20947824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      2545376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    32.766958                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13898                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       292723                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       318172                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290561                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4997592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1000656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         7272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     21076056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      2545376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    46.068428                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       621415                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         2501                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44741880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       180072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization    13.577278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79822                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14639                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254187                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5747184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1054008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2033496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization    13.568713                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79803                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254179                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5745816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1046592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2033432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization    13.542591                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14458                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5722416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1040976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2033808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization    13.572692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79695                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           92                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14677                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548037                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254087                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5738040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1056744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2032696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization    13.557842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548035                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5737104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1040760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2035808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization    13.580888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79773                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       547893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       253928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5743656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1062720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4383144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2031424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization    13.535084                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          202                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14516                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254628                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5708304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1045152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4387072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2037024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization    13.565997                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           70                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        14560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548005                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       254223                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5743296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      1048320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2033784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    53.700961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       625287                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290562                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5010944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         8416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45020664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    32.766966                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13898                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::4            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       292723                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       318172                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       290562                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4997592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1000656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         7272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     21076056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      2545376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      2324496                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           402690                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1245.533102                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean        1012.013401                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         668.296994                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |       69806     17.33%     17.33% |       94330     23.42%     40.76% |       92066     22.86%     63.62% |       91590     22.74%     86.37% |       48752     12.11%     98.47% |        6110      1.52%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             402690                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples         1840                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean     1146.420652                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean     647.348793                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev     705.858079                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |         416     22.61%     22.61% |         409     22.23%     44.84% |         432     23.48%     68.32% |         368     20.00%     88.32% |         194     10.54%     98.86% |          21      1.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total           1840                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       400850                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1245.988053                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1014.091147                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    668.086740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |       69390     17.31%     17.31% |       93921     23.43%     40.74% |       91634     22.86%     63.60% |       91222     22.76%     86.36% |       48558     12.11%     98.47% |        6089      1.52%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        400850                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           223817                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1243.887310                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean        1010.059619                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         668.586332                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       39045     17.45%     17.45% |       52579     23.49%     40.94% |       50920     22.75%     63.69% |       50706     22.66%     86.34% |       27255     12.18%     98.52% |        3289      1.47%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             223817                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples         1023                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean     1107.514174                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean     576.060221                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev     714.183785                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |         256     25.02%     25.02% |         220     21.51%     46.53% |         224     21.90%     68.43% |         210     20.53%     88.95% |         107     10.46%     99.41% |           6      0.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total           1023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       222794                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1244.513492                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean   1012.667390                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    668.307321                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       38789     17.41%     17.41% |       52359     23.50%     40.91% |       50696     22.75%     63.67% |       50496     22.66%     86.33% |       27148     12.19%     98.52% |        3283      1.47%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        222794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples          165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         165    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total          165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples         2147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1248.519329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   969.471834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   675.761537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist |         380     17.70%     17.70% |         491     22.87%     40.57% |         486     22.64%     63.20% |         483     22.50%     85.70% |         276     12.86%     98.56% |          31      1.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::total         2147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples         2698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean  1201.718310                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean   920.120641                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::stdev   671.015337                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |         507     18.79%     18.79% |         629     23.31%     42.11% |         656     24.31%     66.42% |         578     21.42%     87.84% |         301     11.16%     99.00% |          27      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total         2698                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples       621497                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1245.450709                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean  1013.738096                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   668.139522                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist |      107799     17.35%     17.35% |      145789     23.46%     40.80% |      141844     22.82%     63.63% |      141235     22.72%     86.35% |       75430     12.14%     98.49% |        9341      1.50%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::total       621497                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::mean           88                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::gmean    87.863425                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::stdev            6                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::total            3                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          100                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          100                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         1365                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1247.561172                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   950.370533                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   686.038439                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         251     18.39%     18.39% |         304     22.27%     40.66% |         300     21.98%     62.64% |         311     22.78%     85.42% |         178     13.04%     98.46% |          21      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total         1365                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         1740                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1212.249425                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   939.070110                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   668.659412                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         316     18.16%     18.16% |         409     23.51%     41.67% |         432     24.83%     66.49% |         368     21.15%     87.64% |         194     11.15%     98.79% |          21      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total         1740                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       399485                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1245.982678                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean  1014.316040                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   668.025449                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       69139     17.31%     17.31% |       93617     23.43%     40.74% |       91334     22.86%     63.60% |       90911     22.76%     86.36% |       48380     12.11%     98.47% |        6068      1.52%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       399485                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           65                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total           65                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          782                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1250.191816                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean  1003.738135                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   657.869161                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         129     16.50%     16.50% |         187     23.91%     40.41% |         186     23.79%     64.19% |         172     21.99%     86.19% |          98     12.53%     98.72% |          10      1.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          782                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          958                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1182.590814                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   886.675622                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   675.203218                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         191     19.94%     19.94% |         220     22.96%     42.90% |         224     23.38%     66.28% |         210     21.92%     88.20% |         107     11.17%     99.37% |           6      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          958                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       222012                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1244.493491                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean  1012.698982                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   668.345173                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       38660     17.41%     17.41% |       52172     23.50%     40.91% |       50510     22.75%     63.66% |       50324     22.67%     86.33% |       27050     12.18%     98.52% |        3273      1.47%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       222012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          239586      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          430890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Lockdown       145901      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unlockdown       144660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_Owner          415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_All_Tokens       306269      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner          441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       316913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Tokens           164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens          736      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       621309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       303926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX        220810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS        397302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Lockdown         2735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens          112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Tokens           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens          727      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX         1839      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS         3317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Lockdown        43557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_Owner          414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_All_Tokens       303512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner          440      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       316566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Tokens          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETX           509      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETS           922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Lockdown         1101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Unlockdown       144645      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Data_Owner            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Data_All_Tokens         2619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Ack_Owner            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens          347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Tokens            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETX           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETS          130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Lockdown          139      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Data_All_Tokens           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Tokens            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Ack_All_Tokens            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Data           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Ack       303788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETX          277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETS          364      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Lockdown            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Unlockdown           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Data_All_Tokens            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Ack_All_Tokens            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Data         3207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Ack          138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETX         1718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETS         2571      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Lockdown          133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Memory_Data        98230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETX        14367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETS        26284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Lockdown        98232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Ack_All_Tokens            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Memory_Data       519858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50505     12.54%     12.54% |       50407     12.52%     25.06% |       50126     12.45%     37.51% |       50449     12.53%     50.03% |       50448     12.53%     62.56% |       50299     12.49%     75.05% |       49995     12.41%     87.47% |       50478     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       402707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27943     12.48%     12.48% |       27979     12.50%     24.98% |       27981     12.50%     37.49% |       27901     12.47%     49.95% |       27908     12.47%     62.42% |       28192     12.60%     75.02% |       28011     12.51%     87.53% |       27911     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       223826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1478878     12.50%     12.50% |     1481158     12.52%     25.02% |     1476463     12.48%     37.50% |     1479129     12.50%     50.00% |     1480475     12.51%     62.51% |     1481780     12.52%     75.03% |     1473814     12.46%     87.49% |     1480509     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     11832206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared |         178     12.12%     12.12% |         178     12.12%     24.23% |         197     13.41%     37.64% |         208     14.16%     51.80% |         198     13.48%     65.28% |         179     12.19%     77.47% |         174     11.84%     89.31% |         157     10.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared::total         1469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner |          96     15.38%     15.38% |          88     14.10%     29.49% |          86     13.78%     43.27% |          81     12.98%     56.25% |          73     11.70%     67.95% |          69     11.06%     79.01% |          63     10.10%     89.10% |          68     10.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner::total          624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens |       94481     12.53%     12.53% |       94367     12.51%     25.04% |       93960     12.46%     37.50% |       94404     12.52%     50.02% |       94178     12.49%     62.50% |       94590     12.54%     75.04% |       93848     12.44%     87.49% |       94366     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens::total       754194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           4     36.36%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX |      195825     12.50%     12.50% |      195791     12.50%     25.00% |      195788     12.50%     37.50% |      195864     12.50%     50.01% |      195860     12.50%     62.51% |      195577     12.49%     75.00% |      195758     12.50%     87.50% |      195857     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1566320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS |      352115     12.49%     12.49% |      352210     12.50%     24.99% |      352489     12.51%     37.50% |      352172     12.50%     50.00% |      352175     12.50%     62.49% |      352316     12.50%     74.99% |      352625     12.51%     87.50% |      352147     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2818249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX |       45620     12.52%     12.52% |       45605     12.51%     25.03% |       45551     12.50%     37.52% |       45486     12.48%     50.00% |       45630     12.52%     62.52% |       45481     12.48%     75.00% |       45555     12.50%     87.50% |       45577     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX::total       364505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS |       81967     12.48%     12.48% |       81961     12.48%     24.96% |       82084     12.50%     37.46% |       82097     12.50%     49.96% |       82151     12.51%     62.47% |       82050     12.49%     74.96% |       82334     12.54%     87.50% |       82129     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS::total       656773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |      162974     12.51%     12.51% |      162996     12.51%     25.01% |      162926     12.50%     37.51% |      162978     12.51%     50.02% |      162779     12.49%     62.51% |      163030     12.51%     75.02% |      162672     12.48%     87.50% |      162855     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total      1303210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout |      113549     12.46%     12.46% |      114775     12.60%     25.06% |      113326     12.44%     37.50% |      113899     12.50%     50.01% |      114234     12.54%     62.55% |      114789     12.60%     75.15% |      112446     12.34%     87.49% |      113957     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout::total       910975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX |          16      9.52%      9.52% |          13      7.74%     17.26% |          17     10.12%     27.38% |          20     11.90%     39.29% |          16      9.52%     48.81% |          19     11.31%     60.12% |          35     20.83%     80.95% |          32     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total          168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS |          23      7.52%      7.52% |          28      9.15%     16.67% |          37     12.09%     28.76% |          33     10.78%     39.54% |          37     12.09%     51.63% |          43     14.05%     65.69% |          41     13.40%     79.08% |          64     20.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total          306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       78173     12.52%     12.52% |       78117     12.51%     25.04% |       77809     12.47%     37.50% |       78050     12.50%     50.01% |       78046     12.50%     62.51% |       78208     12.53%     75.04% |       77714     12.45%     87.49% |       78086     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       624203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       50401     12.54%     12.54% |       50310     12.52%     25.05% |       50043     12.45%     37.50% |       50352     12.53%     50.03% |       50357     12.53%     62.56% |       50213     12.49%     75.05% |       49901     12.41%     87.46% |       50391     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       401968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       27888     12.48%     12.48% |       27936     12.50%     24.99% |       27934     12.50%     37.49% |       27840     12.46%     49.95% |       27859     12.47%     62.42% |       28139     12.59%     75.01% |       27962     12.52%     87.53% |       27861     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       223419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared |          26     14.77%     14.77% |          29     16.48%     31.25% |          22     12.50%     43.75% |          28     15.91%     59.66% |          15      8.52%     68.18% |          17      9.66%     77.84% |          20     11.36%     89.20% |          19     10.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner |          35     15.09%     15.09% |          30     12.93%     28.02% |          34     14.66%     42.67% |          31     13.36%     56.03% |          24     10.34%     66.38% |          25     10.78%     77.16% |          25     10.78%     87.93% |          28     12.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner::total          232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens |       16181     12.54%     12.54% |       16113     12.48%     25.02% |       16021     12.41%     37.43% |       16247     12.59%     50.02% |       16023     12.41%     62.44% |       16284     12.62%     75.05% |       16035     12.42%     87.48% |       16162     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens::total       129066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX |      195216     12.50%     12.50% |      195146     12.50%     25.00% |      195155     12.50%     37.50% |      195221     12.50%     50.01% |      195223     12.50%     62.51% |      194979     12.49%     75.00% |      195119     12.50%     87.50% |      195196     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1561255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS |      350967     12.49%     12.49% |      351041     12.50%     24.99% |      351293     12.51%     37.50% |      351023     12.50%     49.99% |      351022     12.50%     62.49% |      351182     12.50%     74.99% |      351462     12.51%     87.51% |      350973     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2808963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |      142016     12.51%     12.51% |      141908     12.50%     25.00% |      141885     12.50%     37.50% |      141935     12.50%     50.00% |      141954     12.50%     62.50% |      141859     12.49%     75.00% |      142016     12.51%     87.50% |      141902     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total      1135475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         116     11.09%     11.09% |         113     10.80%     21.89% |         137     13.10%     34.99% |         130     12.43%     47.42% |         131     12.52%     59.94% |         123     11.76%     71.70% |         136     13.00%     84.70% |         160     15.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Data_All_Tokens::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         188     11.41%     11.41% |         187     11.35%     22.75% |         228     13.83%     36.59% |         226     13.71%     50.30% |         220     13.35%     63.65% |         204     12.38%     76.03% |         199     12.08%     88.11% |         196     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total         1648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           4     20.00%     40.00% |           4     20.00%     60.00% |           3     15.00%     75.00% |           4     20.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          89     13.59%     13.59% |          81     12.37%     25.95% |          87     13.28%     39.24% |          79     12.06%     51.30% |          89     13.59%     64.89% |          76     11.60%     76.49% |          73     11.15%     87.63% |          81     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Transient_Local_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          16      9.88%      9.88% |          30     18.52%     28.40% |          27     16.67%     45.06% |          22     13.58%     58.64% |          24     14.81%     73.46% |          19     11.73%     85.19% |          11      6.79%     91.98% |          13      8.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           2     10.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           3     15.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           2     10.00%     60.00% |           4     20.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           2     15.38%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       50162     12.55%     12.55% |       50082     12.53%     25.07% |       49741     12.44%     37.51% |       50062     12.52%     50.03% |       50061     12.52%     62.55% |       49960     12.50%     75.05% |       49650     12.42%     87.47% |       50117     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       399835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX |          17      9.50%      9.50% |          17      9.50%     18.99% |          30     16.76%     35.75% |          27     15.08%     50.84% |          26     14.53%     65.36% |          19     10.61%     75.98% |          19     10.61%     86.59% |          24     13.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS |          30     10.87%     10.87% |          25      9.06%     19.93% |          37     13.41%     33.33% |          32     11.59%     44.93% |          42     15.22%     60.14% |          33     11.96%     72.10% |          36     13.04%     85.14% |          41     14.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS::total          276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX |          15     13.51%     13.51% |          13     11.71%     25.23% |           8      7.21%     32.43% |          22     19.82%     52.25% |          18     16.22%     68.47% |           9      8.11%     76.58% |          12     10.81%     87.39% |          14     12.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS |          26     12.50%     12.50% |          24     11.54%     24.04% |          36     17.31%     41.35% |          26     12.50%     53.85% |          23     11.06%     64.90% |          25     12.02%     76.92% |          23     11.06%     87.98% |          25     12.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS::total          208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        1506     12.31%     12.31% |        1557     12.73%     25.04% |        1559     12.75%     37.79% |        1481     12.11%     49.89% |        1495     12.22%     62.12% |        1551     12.68%     74.80% |        1514     12.38%     87.17% |        1569     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        12232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       27868     12.49%     12.49% |       27899     12.50%     24.99% |       27893     12.50%     37.49% |       27830     12.47%     49.96% |       27826     12.47%     62.43% |       28107     12.60%     75.03% |       27922     12.51%     87.54% |       27804     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       223149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX |          11     10.89%     10.89% |          13     12.87%     23.76% |          16     15.84%     39.60% |          12     11.88%     51.49% |          10      9.90%     61.39% |           8      7.92%     69.31% |          17     16.83%     86.14% |          14     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS |          17     11.11%     11.11% |          17     11.11%     22.22% |          21     13.73%     35.95% |          20     13.07%     49.02% |          19     12.42%     61.44% |          24     15.69%     77.12% |          16     10.46%     87.58% |          19     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX |           8     11.59%     11.59% |          12     17.39%     28.99% |           9     13.04%     42.03% |           6      8.70%     50.72% |           9     13.04%     63.77% |          10     14.49%     78.26% |           5      7.25%     85.51% |          10     14.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS |          20     14.93%     14.93% |          17     12.69%     27.61% |          20     14.93%     42.54% |          14     10.45%     52.99% |          15     11.19%     64.18% |          15     11.19%     75.37% |          14     10.45%     85.82% |          19     14.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS::total          134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         792     11.85%     11.85% |         872     13.05%     24.91% |         857     12.83%     37.73% |         862     12.90%     50.64% |         853     12.77%     63.40% |         870     13.02%     76.43% |         767     11.48%     87.91% |         808     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         6681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           4     10.26%     10.26% |           4     10.26%     20.51% |           3      7.69%     28.21% |           8     20.51%     48.72% |           4     10.26%     58.97% |           4     10.26%     69.23% |           5     12.82%     82.05% |           7     17.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           4     14.81%     14.81% |           2      7.41%     22.22% |           5     18.52%     40.74% |           2      7.41%     48.15% |           4     14.81%     62.96% |           3     11.11%     74.07% |           2      7.41%     81.48% |           5     18.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |      366982     12.48%     12.48% |      367604     12.51%     24.99% |      367580     12.51%     37.50% |      366426     12.47%     49.96% |      370591     12.61%     62.57% |      367996     12.52%     75.09% |      364722     12.41%     87.50% |      367546     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total      2939447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          56     12.07%     12.07% |          61     13.15%     25.22% |          67     14.44%     39.66% |          67     14.44%     54.09% |          64     13.79%     67.89% |          47     10.13%     78.02% |          58     12.50%     90.52% |          44      9.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS |         101     11.80%     11.80% |         110     12.85%     24.65% |         122     14.25%     38.90% |         106     12.38%     51.29% |         104     12.15%     63.43% |          99     11.57%     75.00% |         106     12.38%     87.38% |         108     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX |          11     10.58%     10.58% |          12     11.54%     22.12% |          13     12.50%     34.62% |          12     11.54%     46.15% |           6      5.77%     51.92% |          12     11.54%     63.46% |          21     20.19%     83.65% |          17     16.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS |          12      7.10%      7.10% |          15      8.88%     15.98% |          22     13.02%     28.99% |          24     14.20%     43.20% |          17     10.06%     53.25% |          26     15.38%     68.64% |          22     13.02%     81.66% |          31     18.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS::total          169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        1128     13.31%     13.31% |        1115     13.16%     26.47% |        1052     12.41%     38.88% |        1047     12.36%     51.24% |        1076     12.70%     63.94% |        1071     12.64%     76.58% |         989     11.67%     88.25% |         996     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         8474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |          11      9.82%      9.82% |          12     10.71%     20.54% |          15     13.39%     33.93% |          12     10.71%     44.64% |           8      7.14%     51.79% |          13     11.61%     63.39% |          23     20.54%     83.93% |          18     16.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |          13      7.30%      7.30% |          16      8.99%     16.29% |          22     12.36%     28.65% |          25     14.04%     42.70% |          18     10.11%     52.81% |          27     15.17%     67.98% |          23     12.92%     80.90% |          34     19.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       50250     12.54%     12.54% |       50160     12.52%     25.06% |       49852     12.44%     37.51% |       50169     12.52%     50.03% |       50169     12.52%     62.55% |       50045     12.49%     75.05% |       49742     12.42%     87.46% |       50222     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       400609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           5     19.23%     19.23% |           2      7.69%     26.92% |           2      7.69%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           9     34.62%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2      7.69%     84.62% |           4     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           5     27.78%     38.89% |           2     11.11%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           2     11.11%     72.22% |           4     22.22%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      204432     12.49%     12.49% |      204554     12.49%     24.98% |      205545     12.55%     37.54% |      203688     12.44%     49.98% |      202947     12.40%     62.37% |      204891     12.51%     74.89% |      206853     12.63%     87.52% |      204287     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      1637197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          44     15.55%     15.55% |          24      8.48%     24.03% |          36     12.72%     36.75% |          32     11.31%     48.06% |          41     14.49%     62.54% |          36     12.72%     75.27% |          31     10.95%     86.22% |          39     13.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS |          56     11.41%     11.41% |          65     13.24%     24.64% |          61     12.42%     37.07% |          58     11.81%     48.88% |          74     15.07%     63.95% |          57     11.61%     75.56% |          63     12.83%     88.39% |          57     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX |           5      9.80%      9.80% |           1      1.96%     11.76% |           1      1.96%     13.73% |           6     11.76%     25.49% |           8     15.69%     41.18% |           5      9.80%     50.98% |          12     23.53%     74.51% |          13     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS |          10      8.26%      8.26% |           9      7.44%     15.70% |          15     12.40%     28.10% |           8      6.61%     34.71% |          18     14.88%     49.59% |          16     13.22%     62.81% |          17     14.05%     76.86% |          28     23.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         594     12.47%     12.47% |         644     13.52%     25.98% |         590     12.38%     38.36% |         592     12.42%     50.79% |         621     13.03%     63.82% |         585     12.28%     76.10% |         571     11.98%     88.08% |         568     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         4765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           5      8.93%      8.93% |           1      1.79%     10.71% |           2      3.57%     14.29% |           8     14.29%     28.57% |           8     14.29%     42.86% |           6     10.71%     53.57% |          12     21.43%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |          10      7.81%      7.81% |          12      9.38%     17.19% |          15     11.72%     28.91% |           8      6.25%     35.16% |          19     14.84%     50.00% |          16     12.50%     62.50% |          18     14.06%     76.56% |          30     23.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       27923     12.49%     12.49% |       27957     12.50%     24.99% |       27957     12.50%     37.50% |       27881     12.47%     49.96% |       27877     12.47%     62.43% |       28163     12.60%     75.03% |       27972     12.51%     87.54% |       27864     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       223594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |      294620     12.48%     12.48% |      293419     12.43%     24.90% |      292817     12.40%     37.31% |      296966     12.58%     49.88% |      294176     12.46%     62.34% |      299280     12.68%     75.02% |      294738     12.48%     87.50% |      295130     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total      2361146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Owner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Owner::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens |       27934     12.49%     12.49% |       27965     12.50%     24.98% |       27968     12.50%     37.48% |       27891     12.47%     49.95% |       27899     12.47%     62.42% |       28182     12.60%     75.02% |       27998     12.51%     87.53% |       27900     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens::total       223737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX |          86     11.64%     11.64% |         111     15.02%     26.66% |          85     11.50%     38.16% |          97     13.13%     51.29% |          82     11.10%     62.38% |          82     11.10%     73.48% |          82     11.10%     84.57% |         114     15.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX::total          739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS |         162     11.96%     11.96% |         172     12.69%     24.65% |         170     12.55%     37.20% |         167     12.32%     49.52% |         166     12.25%     61.77% |         168     12.40%     74.17% |         174     12.84%     87.01% |         176     12.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS::total         1355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX |          21     11.23%     11.23% |          21     11.23%     22.46% |          21     11.23%     33.69% |          22     11.76%     45.45% |          22     11.76%     57.22% |          27     14.44%     71.66% |          35     18.72%     90.37% |          18      9.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX::total          187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS |          45     12.82%     12.82% |          39     11.11%     23.93% |          45     12.82%     36.75% |          38     10.83%     47.58% |          41     11.68%     59.26% |          49     13.96%     73.22% |          58     16.52%     89.74% |          36     10.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS::total          351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        5838     12.41%     12.41% |        5788     12.30%     24.71% |        5902     12.54%     37.25% |        5964     12.67%     49.92% |        5795     12.31%     62.24% |        5968     12.68%     74.92% |        5904     12.55%     87.47% |        5898     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        47057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout |       39638     12.22%     12.22% |       40916     12.62%     24.84% |       41161     12.69%     37.53% |       41081     12.67%     50.20% |       40231     12.41%     62.61% |       39967     12.32%     74.93% |       41068     12.66%     87.59% |       40229     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout::total       324291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Data_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack_All_Tokens::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Request_Timeout |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Request_Timeout::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |      532363     12.53%     12.53% |      535097     12.59%     25.12% |      530211     12.48%     37.60% |      531290     12.50%     50.10% |      532226     12.53%     62.63% |      528539     12.44%     75.07% |      526667     12.40%     87.46% |      532616     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total      4249009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared |         149     11.74%     11.74% |         147     11.58%     23.33% |         170     13.40%     36.72% |         175     13.79%     50.51% |         180     14.18%     64.70% |         158     12.45%     77.15% |         153     12.06%     89.20% |         137     10.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared::total         1269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner |          61     15.72%     15.72% |          58     14.95%     30.67% |          52     13.40%     44.07% |          48     12.37%     56.44% |          49     12.63%     69.07% |          43     11.08%     80.15% |          37      9.54%     89.69% |          40     10.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner::total          388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens |       50277     12.54%     12.54% |       50188     12.52%     25.06% |       49892     12.44%     37.50% |       50206     12.52%     50.03% |       50195     12.52%     62.55% |       50086     12.49%     75.04% |       49788     12.42%     87.46% |       50275     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens::total       400907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX |         147     11.03%     11.03% |         166     12.45%     23.48% |         156     11.70%     35.18% |         172     12.90%     48.09% |         174     13.05%     61.14% |         170     12.75%     73.89% |         170     12.75%     86.65% |         178     13.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX::total         1333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS |         321     13.08%     13.08% |         313     12.75%     25.84% |         318     12.96%     38.79% |         302     12.31%     51.10% |         289     11.78%     62.88% |         306     12.47%     75.35% |         308     12.55%     87.90% |         297     12.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS::total         2454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX |          37      9.71%      9.71% |          39     10.24%     19.95% |          53     13.91%     33.86% |          54     14.17%     48.03% |          47     12.34%     60.37% |          60     15.75%     76.12% |          46     12.07%     88.19% |          45     11.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS |          67     10.00%     10.00% |          81     12.09%     22.09% |          73     10.90%     32.99% |          88     13.13%     46.12% |          82     12.24%     58.36% |          91     13.58%     71.94% |          95     14.18%     86.12% |          93     13.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS::total          670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       10667     12.58%     12.58% |       10679     12.59%     25.17% |       10624     12.53%     37.69% |       10616     12.52%     50.21% |       10539     12.42%     62.63% |       10637     12.54%     75.17% |       10418     12.28%     87.45% |       10642     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        84822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout |       73359     12.60%     12.60% |       73340     12.59%     25.19% |       71758     12.32%     37.51% |       72207     12.40%     49.90% |       73615     12.64%     62.54% |       74201     12.74%     75.28% |       70644     12.13%     87.41% |       73315     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout::total       582439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load  |          91     14.26%     14.26% |          87     13.64%     27.90% |          75     11.76%     39.66% |          83     13.01%     52.66% |          74     11.60%     64.26% |          78     12.23%     76.49% |          81     12.70%     89.18% |          69     10.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load::total          638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store |          47     13.74%     13.74% |          33      9.65%     23.39% |          38     11.11%     34.50% |          56     16.37%     50.88% |          41     11.99%     62.87% |          45     13.16%     76.02% |          40     11.70%     87.72% |          42     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store::total          342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement |         338      9.55%      9.55% |         366     10.34%     19.89% |         384     10.85%     30.74% |         403     11.39%     42.13% |         438     12.38%     54.51% |         403     11.39%     65.89% |         534     15.09%     80.98% |         673     19.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement::total         3539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens |          87     19.95%     19.95% |          93     21.33%     41.28% |          74     16.97%     58.26% |          54     12.39%     70.64% |          53     12.16%     82.80% |          32      7.34%     90.14% |          23      5.28%     95.41% |          20      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens::total          436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX |         245     12.53%     12.53% |         253     12.94%     25.47% |         240     12.28%     37.75% |         235     12.02%     49.77% |         238     12.17%     61.94% |         236     12.07%     74.02% |         261     13.35%     87.37% |         247     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total         1955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS |         459     12.46%     12.46% |         464     12.60%     25.05% |         464     12.60%     37.65% |         461     12.51%     50.16% |         458     12.43%     62.60% |         446     12.11%     74.70% |         458     12.43%     87.13% |         474     12.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total         3684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX |       45518     12.52%     12.52% |       45503     12.52%     25.04% |       45434     12.50%     37.54% |       45349     12.48%     50.02% |       45509     12.52%     62.54% |       45334     12.47%     75.01% |       45390     12.49%     87.50% |       45441     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX::total       363478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS |       81786     12.49%     12.49% |       81763     12.49%     24.98% |       81855     12.50%     37.48% |       81864     12.50%     49.98% |       81922     12.51%     62.49% |       81769     12.49%     74.97% |       82046     12.53%     87.50% |       81829     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS::total       654834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          71     11.49%     11.49% |          67     10.84%     22.33% |          70     11.33%     33.66% |          71     11.49%     45.15% |          78     12.62%     57.77% |          72     11.65%     69.42% |          84     13.59%     83.01% |         105     16.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement |         109     12.56%     12.56% |         124     14.29%     26.84% |         128     14.75%     41.59% |         108     12.44%     54.03% |         121     13.94%     67.97% |         116     13.36%     81.34% |          62      7.14%     88.48% |         100     11.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement::total          868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      5.33%      5.33% |           7      9.33%     14.67% |          11     14.67%     29.33% |           6      8.00%     37.33% |          16     21.33%     58.67% |          10     13.33%     72.00% |          21     28.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          39     10.05%     10.05% |          40     10.31%     20.36% |          59     15.21%     35.57% |          51     13.14%     48.71% |          42     10.82%     59.54% |          52     13.40%     72.94% |          46     11.86%     84.79% |          59     15.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement |         658     13.92%     13.92% |         546     11.55%     25.48% |         482     10.20%     35.67% |         488     10.33%     46.00% |         587     12.42%     58.42% |         762     16.12%     74.55% |         736     15.57%     90.12% |         467      9.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement::total         4726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           2     16.67%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Data_All_Tokens::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Transient_Local_GETS |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           2     25.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX |           2      5.00%      5.00% |           1      2.50%      7.50% |           3      7.50%     15.00% |           5     12.50%     27.50% |           3      7.50%     35.00% |           6     15.00%     50.00% |          15     37.50%     87.50% |           5     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.86%      2.86% |           2      2.86%      5.71% |           6      8.57%     14.29% |           8     11.43%     25.71% |          22     31.43%     57.14% |          15     21.43%     78.57% |          15     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         113     13.02%     13.02% |          90     10.37%     23.39% |         103     11.87%     35.25% |         114     13.13%     48.39% |         103     11.87%     60.25% |         120     13.82%     74.08% |         132     15.21%     89.29% |          93     10.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout |         209     12.85%     12.85% |         193     11.86%     24.71% |         151      9.28%     33.99% |         178     10.94%     44.93% |         141      8.67%     53.60% |         277     17.03%     70.62% |         328     20.16%     90.78% |         150      9.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout::total         1627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement |         953      9.60%      9.60% |        1086     10.95%     20.55% |        1230     12.40%     32.95% |        1414     14.25%     47.20% |        1062     10.70%     57.90% |        1323     13.33%     71.24% |        1522     15.34%     86.58% |        1332     13.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement::total         9922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Shared |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Shared::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Owner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Owner::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           2      9.52%     14.29% |           2      9.52%     23.81% |           2      9.52%     33.33% |           5     23.81%     57.14% |           2      9.52%     66.67% |           3     14.29%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETX |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX |           2      2.53%      2.53% |           3      3.80%      6.33% |           9     11.39%     17.72% |          10     12.66%     30.38% |           7      8.86%     39.24% |          15     18.99%     58.23% |          19     24.05%     82.28% |          14     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      5.04%      5.04% |           8      5.76%     10.79% |          18     12.95%     23.74% |          19     13.67%     37.41% |          21     15.11%     52.52% |          34     24.46%     76.98% |          32     23.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         193     11.61%     11.61% |         205     12.33%     23.93% |         198     11.91%     35.84% |         222     13.35%     49.19% |         198     11.91%     61.09% |         226     13.59%     74.68% |         219     13.17%     87.85% |         202     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout |         343     13.11%     13.11% |         326     12.46%     25.57% |         256      9.79%     35.36% |         432     16.51%     51.87% |         247      9.44%     61.31% |         344     13.15%     74.46% |         405     15.48%     89.95% |         263     10.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout::total         2616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         402582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS_Last_Token           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         223760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_INV            1052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       510548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Shared_Data         1063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_All_Tokens       623664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Owned          560      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX        52074      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS        93822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock       144660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       401187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       222975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_INV          538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Shared_Data          923      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_All_Tokens       509290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Owned          343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock       130923      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS          106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETX           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L2_Replacement        13947      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_All_Tokens          337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_Owned            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETS           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS_Last_Token           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement          817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Shared_Data            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_All_Tokens           95      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Owned            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement          768      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_Shared_Data            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_All_Tokens          585      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       493835      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX         5355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS         9488      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETS          248      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETX          133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_INV          514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L2_Replacement         1180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Shared_Data          128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_All_Tokens       113357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Owned          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX        46697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS        84282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        13718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.L2_Replacement            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Writeback_Shared_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock           19      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
