
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   107711000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  107711000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 152784                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   152784                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               16568657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 311444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      993230                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        993230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             5312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         5312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           28800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                83                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           213905729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           100416856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            49317154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11883652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             2970913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             7724374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1188365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7724374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               395131416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      213905729                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       49317154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        2970913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1188365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          267382162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          213905729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          100416856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           49317154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11883652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            2970913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            7724374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1188365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7724374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              395131416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           666                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         666                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    42624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     42624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             87                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       107683000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     666                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      274.537931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     187.244268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     251.506931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             44     30.34%     30.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           37     25.52%     55.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           28     19.31%     75.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      7.59%     82.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      4.83%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      5.52%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      1.38%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      2.07%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      3.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        6590000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  19077500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9894.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28644.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         395.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      395.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       161686.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     710640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     387750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2769000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               38163780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy               27411750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 76054200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              749.440907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       47737250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        52758750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     355320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     193875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   2028000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               32134320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy               32700750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 74023545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              729.430757                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       57587750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        43903750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  81565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            78921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               78897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  76181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.557537                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          215423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             19725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        482162                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             76826                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       165719                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        96                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1994                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     6733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            188787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.554000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.213947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   30573     16.19%     16.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   78235     41.44%     57.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     796      0.42%     58.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1203      0.64%     58.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     613      0.32%     59.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   73639     39.01%     98.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     671      0.36%     98.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     403      0.21%     98.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2654      1.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              188787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.378627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.238210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                18515                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   152899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                471677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16075                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2062                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   152899                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1383                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                468509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             320339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               934389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          705719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               307267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   13072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               822                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     4372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              149868                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            73280                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           72874                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    391921                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                889                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   388505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               31                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           330                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       188787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.057901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.125475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              33627     17.81%     17.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4227      2.24%     20.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              74093     39.25%     59.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              73707     39.04%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1618      0.86%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                890      0.47%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                402      0.21%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                147      0.08%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 76      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         188787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     62     21.45%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   124     42.91%     64.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  103     35.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               164238     42.27%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              149226     38.41%     80.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              75041     19.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                388505                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.803452                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        289                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            966117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           405167                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       386653                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                388794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           72393                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           22                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   2029                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   36                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             466388                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               149868                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    44                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           318                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          991                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1309                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               387494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               148888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        73578                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      223779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   76909                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74891                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.798759                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        387061                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       386653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   229361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   232407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.794855                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.986894                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       186327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.432562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.148979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        33862     18.17%     18.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        75972     40.77%     58.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1939      1.04%     59.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          672      0.36%     60.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          526      0.28%     60.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        72083     38.69%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          527      0.28%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          263      0.14%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          483      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       186327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              453252                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                453252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        221341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       147223                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     76005                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   305598                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        72737     16.05%     16.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          159090     35.10%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         147307     32.50%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         74118     16.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           453252                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      651013                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     935136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26636                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     380431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       380431                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.566260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.566260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.765972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.765972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  693268                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 312587                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 225648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          141.123038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             149358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           873.438596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   141.123038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.275631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.275631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.330078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           602523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          602523                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        75889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       149410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          149410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       149410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         149410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          555                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          555                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1102                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34798980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34798980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       472500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       472500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51712480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     51712480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51712480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     51712480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        76436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        74076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       150512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       150512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30920.475320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30920.475320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62700.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62700.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18173.076923                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18173.076923                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46926.025408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46926.025408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46926.025408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46926.025408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               27                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           33                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8493000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8493000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       446500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       446500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37692.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37692.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47713.483146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47713.483146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17173.076923                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17173.076923                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42647.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42647.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42647.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42647.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          241.163907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.800659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   241.163907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.471023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.471023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.570312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7340                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         5949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           5949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         5949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            5949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         5949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           5949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         6733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         6733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         6733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         6733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         6733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51538.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51538.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51538.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51538.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51538.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51538.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.090302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51470.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51470.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51470.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51470.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51470.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51470.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  53924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            50532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               46687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  45618                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.710283                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          162664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             29507                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        300555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      53924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             46527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       124688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   2705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1084                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    20020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            156656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.918567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.216659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   52489     33.51%     33.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   52328     33.40%     66.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    5864      3.74%     70.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3542      2.26%     72.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     937      0.60%     73.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   35524     22.68%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1237      0.79%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     797      0.51%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    3938      2.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              156656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.331505                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.847704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   17844                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                50371                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    84089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 2990                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  1352                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                285365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  1352                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   18555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  22336                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         13775                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    85993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                14635                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                282118                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 13530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             199297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               544091                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          423098                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               185456                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   13841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    19159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               79883                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              38287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           33197                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    235383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   236419                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               14                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           703                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       156656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.509160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.379040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              56139     35.84%     35.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              19247     12.29%     48.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              37725     24.08%     72.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              37266     23.79%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3381      2.16%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1595      1.02%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                897      0.57%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                205      0.13%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                201      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         156656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     79     23.65%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     23.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    46     13.77%     37.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     62.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               115374     48.80%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               83373     35.26%     84.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              37672     15.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                236419                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.453419                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        334                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001413                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            629842                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           254017                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       234890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                236753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           33006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2599                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1501                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1352                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   6792                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   64                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             279653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                79883                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               38287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    39                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               235416                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                78826                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        38619                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      116410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   48027                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     37584                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.447253                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        235168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       234890                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   134020                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   140635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.444020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.952963                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13740                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           4948                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       154106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.725163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.084593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        60830     39.47%     39.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        44602     28.94%     68.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5225      3.39%     71.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5769      3.74%     75.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1531      0.99%     76.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33080     21.47%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          818      0.53%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          941      0.61%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1310      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       154106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              265858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                265858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        114070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        77284                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       4232                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     46981                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   183171                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        37769     14.21%     14.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          109787     41.30%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          81516     30.66%     86.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         36786     13.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           265858                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      431808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     561746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           6008                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       45259                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     223857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       223857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.726642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.726642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.376193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.376193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  409049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 191377                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 118040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.752806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              42910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1479.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    25.752806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.050298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           330593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          330593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        45309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        36557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        81866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           81866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        81866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          81866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3376000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3376000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       667000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       667000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        36716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        82514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        82514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        82514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        82514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004331                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.785714                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.785714                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19541.922290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19541.922290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21232.704403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21232.704403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12127.272727                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12127.272727                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19956.790123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19956.790123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19956.790123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19956.790123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2051500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2051500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1754500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1754500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       612000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.785714                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785714                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12509.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12509.146341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16551.886792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16551.886792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11127.272727                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11127.272727                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14096.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14096.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14096.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14096.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           84.461587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              19439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.191532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    84.461587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.164964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.164964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.220703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           20516                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        19439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        19439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           19439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        19439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          19439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        20020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        20020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        20020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        20020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.029021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24666.092943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24666.092943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24666.092943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24666.092943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24666.092943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24666.092943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23852.822581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23852.822581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23852.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23852.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 23852.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23852.822581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  55489                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            52130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               48168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  47221                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            98.033964                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    905                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          162291                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             28975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        310103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      55489                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             48126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       128617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   2701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1166                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    20027                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  452                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            160121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.936679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.215928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   52703     32.91%     32.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   53972     33.71%     66.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                    5883      3.67%     70.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3530      2.20%     72.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                     955      0.60%     73.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   37143     23.20%     96.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1222      0.76%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     796      0.50%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    3917      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              160121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.341911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.910784                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   17197                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                51483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    87022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 3059                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  1350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                295507                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  1350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   17911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  22825                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         13935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    88104                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                15986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                292291                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 14001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             205997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               564188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          438175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               191932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   14065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1240                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    20395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               83226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              39943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            39492                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           34851                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    243755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5682                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   244785                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               19                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10962                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           644                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       160121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.528750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.374157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              56124     35.05%     35.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              19550     12.21%     47.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              39272     24.53%     71.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              38854     24.27%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3402      2.12%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1615      1.01%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                887      0.55%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                212      0.13%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                205      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         160121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     80     23.32%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     23.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    54     15.74%     39.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     60.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               118682     48.48%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               86809     35.46%     83.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              39294     16.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                244785                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.508309                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        343                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001401                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            650053                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           262570                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       243225                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                245128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           34614                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1565                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                   6752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   63                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             289758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                83226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               39943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    41                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               243760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                82166                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1025                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        40321                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                      121366                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   49723                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     39200                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.501993                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        243514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       243225                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                   138958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                   145563                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.498697                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.954624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13911                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5038                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1272                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       157537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.750713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.089801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        60893     38.65%     38.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        46269     29.37%     68.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5250      3.33%     71.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5861      3.72%     75.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1535      0.97%     76.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34623     21.98%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          855      0.54%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          943      0.60%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1308      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       157537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              275802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                275802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                        118948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        80570                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       4324                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     48669                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   189737                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        39459     14.31%     14.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          113071     41.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          84894     30.78%     86.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38378     13.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           275802                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1308                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      445356                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     582010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            208                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           2170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       45631                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     232019                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       232019                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.699473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.699473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.429648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.429648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  423842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 197927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                 122993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.276146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              44407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1585.964286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    24.276146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.047414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           343879                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          343879                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        47002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          47002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        38151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        85153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           85153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        85153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          85153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9963000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4178000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4178000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       670500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       670500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     14141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     14141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        47529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        38310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        85839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        85839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        85839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        85839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.823529                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.823529                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18905.123340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18905.123340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26276.729560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26276.729560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11973.214286                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11973.214286                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20613.702624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20613.702624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20613.702624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20613.702624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1620500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1620500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2159500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2159500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       614500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       614500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10128.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10128.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19995.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19995.370370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10973.214286                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10973.214286                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14104.477612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14104.477612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14104.477612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14104.477612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              386                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           80.953803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              19454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.908000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    80.953803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.158113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.158113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.222656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            20527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           20527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        19454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        19454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           19454                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        19454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          19454                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8014500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8014500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        20027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        20027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        20027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        20027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        20027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.028611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.028611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.028611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13986.910995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13986.910995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13986.910995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13986.910995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13986.910995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13986.910995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.024966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        13904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        13904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        13904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  42820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            39316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               35479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  34386                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.919304                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    900                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          161928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             36909                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        226016                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      42820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             35286                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       121156                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   2665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1154                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    27941                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            160564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.407638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.031731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   74840     46.61%     46.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   45030     28.04%     74.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    9823      6.12%     80.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3413      2.13%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                     964      0.60%     83.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   20524     12.78%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1162      0.72%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     811      0.51%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3997      2.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              160564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.264439                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.395781                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   17966                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                81801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    54656                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 4799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  1332                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                210555                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  1332                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   18639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  40771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         13962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    56374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                29476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                207391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 26344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents               3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             143048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               379530                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          299622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               129648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   13400                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    33973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               53782                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              23352                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            26620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           18276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    168080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   172966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                9                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           757                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       160564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.077240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.332251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              78662     48.99%     48.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              30467     18.97%     67.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              22821     14.21%     82.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              22372     13.93%     96.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3353      2.09%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1614      1.01%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                863      0.54%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                215      0.13%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                197      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         160564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     82     24.55%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     24.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    43     12.87%     37.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     62.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                89169     51.55%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     51.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               61014     35.28%     86.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              22783     13.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                172966                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.068166                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        334                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            506839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           190218                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       171502                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                173300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           18096                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1454                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1332                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                  10558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   75                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             205014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                53782                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               23352                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    38                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1047                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               171988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                52726                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        27464                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                       75422                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   36861                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     22696                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.062126                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        171762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       171502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                    92998                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                    99577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.059125                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.933931                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           8713                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1255                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       158053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.211980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.860135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        87086     55.10%     55.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        33413     21.14%     76.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5238      3.31%     79.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9506      6.01%     85.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1538      0.97%     86.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18185     11.51%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          832      0.53%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          959      0.61%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1296      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       158053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              191557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                191557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                         73159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        51261                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       7996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     35851                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   131131                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        26638     13.91%     13.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           83764     43.73%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          59257     30.93%     88.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21898     11.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           191557                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1296                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      361140                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     412450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            212                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1364                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       45995                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     156923                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       156923                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.031895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.031895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.969091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.969091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  285937                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 135307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                  77019                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.138417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              27896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           996.285714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    23.138417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.045192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           226271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          226271                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        34144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        21673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           19                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             19                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        55817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           55817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        55817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          55817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           52                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          617                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7346500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7346500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3280500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3280500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       658000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       658000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     10627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     10627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        34607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        21827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        56434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        56434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        56434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        56434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.013379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.732394                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.732394                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15867.170626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15867.170626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21301.948052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21301.948052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12653.846154                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12653.846154                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17223.662885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17223.662885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17223.662885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17223.662885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1762500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1762500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1886000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1886000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       606000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       606000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004673                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004673                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.732394                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732394                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10746.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10746.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18490.196078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18490.196078                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11653.846154                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11653.846154                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13716.165414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13716.165414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 13716.165414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13716.165414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           77.554391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              27370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            54.959839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    77.554391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.151473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.151473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.222656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            28439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           28439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        27370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          27370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        27370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           27370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        27370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          27370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        27941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        27941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        27941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        27941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        27941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.020436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13441.330998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13441.330998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13441.330998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13441.330998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13441.330998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13441.330998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13285.140562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13285.140562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13285.140562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13285.140562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13285.140562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13285.140562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  419.148333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       2348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     4.413534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.788271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      288.012358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.076849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       62.302913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        5.322223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        3.076380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        0.717940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        0.174188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.677210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          532                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008118                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    25610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   25610                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           246                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           409                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           490                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           493                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1638                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                87                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          362                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             464                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             84                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               87                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7619000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1059000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1485500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1133500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11297000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27679000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6525500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       707500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       342000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35254000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5980500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       540500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        96500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        82500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      6700000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13599500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6525500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1599500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       707500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        53251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13599500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6525500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1599500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       707500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       53251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              90                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          608                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          500                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          2102                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.966667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.595395                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.175403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.020000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.010040                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.220742                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.724138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.595395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.175403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.020000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.010040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.289059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.595395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.175403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.020000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.010040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.289059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81053.191489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81461.538462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123791.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94458.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86236.641221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76461.325967                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75005.747126                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        70750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        68400                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75978.448276                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        79740                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77214.285714                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        96500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        82500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79761.904762                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76461.325967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80470.414201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75005.747126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        79975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        70750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 121692.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        68400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93538.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78425.625920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76461.325967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80470.414201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75005.747126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        79975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        70750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 121692.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        68400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93538.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78425.625920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           83                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       586500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       413500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       436000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       457997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1893997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6679000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       929000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1365500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1013500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9987000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23885500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5496500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       363500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       146000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29891500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5230500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       470500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        86500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        72500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5860000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23885500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5496500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1399500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       363500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23885500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5496500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1399500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       363500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.167339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.167339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.283525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.167339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.004016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21722.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21763.157895                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        21800                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21809.380952                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21770.080460                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71053.191489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71461.538462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 113791.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 84458.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76236.641221                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66164.819945                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66222.891566                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        72700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        73000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66278.270510                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        69740                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67214.285714                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        86500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        72500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69761.904762                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66164.819945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70470.414201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66222.891566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        69975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        72700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 111692.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        73000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83538.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68676.426426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66164.819945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70470.414201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 66222.891566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        69975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        72700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 111692.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        73000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 83538.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68676.426426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              287                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              87                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   42560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              231                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     984    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              923503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3708663                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         4928                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1339                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2358                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2773                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             678                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             290                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            290                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              394                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             394                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2102                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          672                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  6575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        38848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        32000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 150336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1019                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             4928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.293425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.231126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1910     38.76%     38.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                    975     19.78%     58.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    730     14.81%     73.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                   1313     26.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               4928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            2484958                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            910999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            505496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            745995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            435966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            752494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            426475                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            748497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            424472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
