
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000518                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   517786000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  517786000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               99723528                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 280036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 82733                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 82298                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 83808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 81707                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 79210                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 80419                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 83957                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 82578                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               656710                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       415488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5533                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5454                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5382                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5483                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5508                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5404                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            459030                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  11003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                159782227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                158942111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                161858374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                157800713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                152978257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                155313199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                162146138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                159482875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1268303894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         802431893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10523653                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                10291897                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                10685882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                10533309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                10394256                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10589317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                10637599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10436744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              886524549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         802431893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               170305879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               169234008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               172544256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               168334022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               163372513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               165902516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               172783737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               169919619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2154828443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99592                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55369                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.038302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.586768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      392.038302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.765700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    605837577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    605837577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    675142476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    675142476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1280980053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1280980053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1280980053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1280980053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.807361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.859527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.859527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16518.638265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16518.638265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28255.732653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28255.732653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21148.754383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21148.754383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21148.754383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21148.754383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743435                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61083                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.170899                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5450                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15223                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    569161577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569161577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    651248476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    651248476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1220410053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220410053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1220410053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220410053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    638102868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    638102868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    843396249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    843396249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1481499117                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1481499117                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.807361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.859527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.859527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 15518.638265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15518.638265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 27255.732653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27255.732653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20148.754383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20148.754383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20148.754383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20148.754383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 65292.424844                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65292.424844                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 154751.605321                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 154751.605321                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 97319.786967                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 97319.786967                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99505                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55135                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.510444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      393.510444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.768575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339206                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    611192958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611192958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    677073428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    677073428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1288266386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1288266386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1288266386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1288266386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.808850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953491                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.860302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.860302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16627.028972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16627.028972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 28299.829801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28299.829801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 21229.094753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21229.094753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 21229.094753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21229.094753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       746931                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.193000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15053                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15053                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    574433958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574433958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    653148428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    653148428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1227582386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1227582386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1227582386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1227582386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    636306689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    636306689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    841464320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    841464320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1477771009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1477771009                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.808850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.953491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.860302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 15627.028972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15627.028972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 27299.829801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27299.829801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20229.094753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20229.094753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20229.094753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20229.094753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 65436.722439                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65436.722439                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 157902.856071                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157902.856071                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 98171.195708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98171.195708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99747                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54917                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.958774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      392.958774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.767498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.796875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337058                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    609273651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    609273651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    671190571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    671190571                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1280464222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1280464222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1280464222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1280464222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         24886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.810579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.810579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.951901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.860743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.860743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16621.389431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16621.389431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 28333.427793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28333.427793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 21219.060767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21219.060767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 21219.060767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21219.060767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       742867                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               60931                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.191938                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15295                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15295                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    572617651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572617651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    647503571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    647503571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1220121222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220121222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1220121222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220121222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    638440786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    638440786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    853548639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    853548639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1491989425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1491989425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.810579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.951901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.860743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.860743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 15621.389431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15621.389431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 27333.512221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27333.512221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20219.093910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20219.093910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20219.093910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20219.093910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 65414.014959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65414.014959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 154209.329539                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 154209.329539                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 97547.526970                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 97547.526970                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98987                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55311                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.656254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22840                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      392.656254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.766907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337200                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           24092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    601442350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    601442350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    682370713                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    682370713                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1283813063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1283813063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1283813063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1283813063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          44900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.808441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.861191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.861191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16569.116229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16569.116229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 28323.539474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28323.539474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 21258.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21258.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 21258.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21258.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       746578                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               60969                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.245207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9891                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        24092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    565143350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565143350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    658281713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658281713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1223425063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223425063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1223425063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223425063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    638944774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    638944774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    852450723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    852450723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1491395497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1491395497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.808441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 15569.116229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15569.116229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 27323.663996                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27323.663996                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20258.400474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20258.400474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20258.400474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20258.400474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 65391.953127                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65391.953127                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 156269.610082                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 156269.610082                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 97950.577762                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 97950.577762                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54901                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.325245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.602160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      392.325245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.766260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    606172682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    606172682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    676089465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    676089465                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1282262147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1282262147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1282262147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1282262147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24959                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.806502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.858712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.858712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16554.858040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16554.858040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28403.540100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28403.540100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 21222.829689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21222.829689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 21222.829689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21222.829689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       752786                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61311                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.278156                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    569559682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569559682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    652287465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    652287465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1221847147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221847147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1221847147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221847147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    646717625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    646717625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    846861232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    846861232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1493578857                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1493578857                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.806502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.858712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 15554.939972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15554.939972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 27403.582111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27403.582111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20222.895894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20222.895894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20222.895894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20222.895894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 65338.212265                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65338.212265                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 157350.656262                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157350.656262                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 97747.307395                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 97747.307395                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99420                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55050                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.223258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.604752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      390.223258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.762155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.762155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338569                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338569                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5               10048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total              10048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5              10048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total             10048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    603629256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    603629256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    675904407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    675904407                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1279533663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1279533663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1279533663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1279533663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.804814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.951692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951692                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.857378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.857378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16579.122085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16579.122085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 28168.552073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28168.552073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 21182.929326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21182.929326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 21182.929326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21182.929326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       750665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.247557                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    567222256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567222256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    651909407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    651909407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1219131663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1219131663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1219131663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1219131663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    648234678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    648234678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    860459231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860459231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1508693909                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1508693909                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.804814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.951692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.857378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.857378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 15579.177017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15579.177017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 27168.552073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27168.552073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20182.962436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20182.962436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20182.962436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20182.962436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 65537.830149                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65537.830149                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 156932.196061                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 156932.196061                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 98132.815728                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98132.815728                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99130                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55082                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.729996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      391.729996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.765098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           24020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24020                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    604615121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604615121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    676363327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    676363327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1280978448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1280978448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1280978448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1280978448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.808107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.860342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.860342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16553.913071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16553.913071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 28158.340008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28158.340008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21157.809989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21157.809989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21157.809989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21157.809989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       747919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61299                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.201162                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        24020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    568091121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568091121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    652345327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    652345327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1220436448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220436448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1220436448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1220436448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    644948195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    644948195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    860679200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860679200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1505627395                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1505627395                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.808107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.954121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.860342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.860342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 15553.913071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15553.913071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 27158.423272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27158.423272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20157.843023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20157.843023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20157.843023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20157.843023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 65503.574548                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65503.574548                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 156203.121597                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 156203.121597                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 98048.150234                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98048.150234                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99282                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55000                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22412                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.240178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.585640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      392.240178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.766094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           24000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    604992547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604992547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    682517760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    682517760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1287510307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1287510307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1287510307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1287510307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.809410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.861604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.861604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16549.294171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16549.294171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 28438.240000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28438.240000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21261.130951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21261.130951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21261.130951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21261.130951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       748003                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61301                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.202134                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        24000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15151                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15151                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    568436547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568436547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    658518760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    658518760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1226955307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1226955307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1226955307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1226955307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    638135236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    638135236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    851560751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    851560751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1489695987                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1489695987                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.809410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.861604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.861604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 15549.321525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15549.321525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 27438.281667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27438.281667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20261.163978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20261.163978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20261.163978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20261.163978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 65469.912383                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 65469.912383                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 157579.709660                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157579.709660                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 98323.278133                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98323.278133                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    14184                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  788.596931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     165124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.015610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     730.575268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.784178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.707727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.687216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.484376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.524449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             7.360121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.299960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             7.173635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.713452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.007507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.007188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.007006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.770114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.787109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2105340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2105340                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           77391                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                77391                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  263                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  239                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  273                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  248                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  266                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  263                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2093                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1731                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1747                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1743                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1722                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1763                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1786                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1787                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1783                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14062                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10938                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             10927                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             10853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             11009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             10827                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            87383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12670                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12663                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2040                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2071                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2052                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2099                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2039                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2087                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16424                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4646                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             746                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             738                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             778                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             726                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             763                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5951                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 43103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                43103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     59643812                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     60697485                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     64325987                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     61406491                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     65507992                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     63321487                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     63031988                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     64081491                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    502016733                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     260655915                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     258218912                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     254645420                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     260879417                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     253975429                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     255536909                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     257461916                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     261401431                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2062775349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     45984404                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     45132427                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     48152413                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     46986917                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     43700923                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     45387411                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     47108917                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     45792412                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    368245824                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        306640319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        303351339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        302797833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        307866334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        297676352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        300924320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        304570833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        307193843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2431021173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       306640319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       303351339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       302797833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       307866334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       297676352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       300924320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       304570833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       307193843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2431021173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        77391                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            77391                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2279                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2329                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2325                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2347                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2305                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2370                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18517                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6415                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6330                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6491                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11734                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11608                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11719                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11590                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11699                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        93334                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                18149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                18069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                18035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                18039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                18018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                18190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              144548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               18149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               18069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               18035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               18039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               18018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               18190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             144548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.883059                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.895129                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.889223                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.882581                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.894333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.884599                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.886295                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.880591                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.886969                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.730164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.726732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.724645                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.732234                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.721793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.720457                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.721998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.725312                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.725427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.063576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.063207                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.066467                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.065041                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.060585                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.062570                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.065833                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.062826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.063760                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.299190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.297969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.297477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.302899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.292645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.296187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.299922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.299230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.298192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.299190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.297969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.297477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.302899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.292645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.296187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.299922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.299230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.298192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30032.130916                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 29753.669118                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 31060.351038                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29925.190546                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 31209.143402                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 31055.167729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30747.311220                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 30705.074748                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30566.045604                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55648.145816                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55578.758502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55514.589056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55400.173498                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55525.891780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55515.296328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55475.525964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55522.818819                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55522.592297                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 61641.292225                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 61155.050136                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 61892.561697                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 62234.327152                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 61550.595775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 62517.095041                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 61741.699869                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 62302.601361                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61879.654512                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56471.513628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56343.116456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56439.484250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 56344.497438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 56335.418622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56469.191218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56360.257772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 56438.332353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56400.277776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 56471.513628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56343.116456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 56439.484250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 56344.497438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 56335.418622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56469.191218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 56360.257772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 56438.332353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56400.277776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             17704                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     3172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5.581337                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6492                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6492                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2           15                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1197                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1197                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2039                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2071                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2052                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2099                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2037                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2087                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16421                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4678                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4701                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4634                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         37112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          738                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          727                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          747                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          721                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          752                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          731                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5881                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15222                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15052                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15293                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15226                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15374                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15151                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       121951                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     89216305                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     91661476                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     93067979                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     92238981                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     94104480                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     91562476                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     91964478                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     93840981                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    737657156                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    213700915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    211685412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    208764420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    213671917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    208164429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    209421909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    210919416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    214243431                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1690571849                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     38320904                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     37446428                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     40065914                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     39278917                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     36377424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     38015411                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     39226917                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     38343914                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307075829                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    252021819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    249131840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    248830334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    252950834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    244541853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    247437320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    250146333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    252587345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997647678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    252021819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    249131840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    248830334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    252950834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    244541853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    247437320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    250146333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    252587345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997647678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    434119876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    432203209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    433941865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    434763383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    440636377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    440018712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    437840875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    433521379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3487045676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    249140431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    246794950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    253993435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    250261774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    246746570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    252474432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    253706432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    248671425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2001789449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    683260307                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    678998159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    687935300                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    685025157                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    687382947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    692493144                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    691547307                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    682192804                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5488835125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.883059                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.894691                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.889223                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.882581                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.894333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.883731                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.886295                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.880591                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.886807                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.729228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.725950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.724171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.730991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.721161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.719831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.720909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.724850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.062894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.062264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.065186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.064352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.059903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.062139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.064884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.062484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.298419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.297083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.296479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.302012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.295687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.298923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.298846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.298419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.297083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.296479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.302012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.295687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.298923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.298846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44922.610775                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 44954.132418                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 44938.666828                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 44950.770468                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44833.006193                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44949.669121                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44860.720976                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 44964.533301                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44921.573351                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 45682.110945                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 45612.025856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 45541.976440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 45452.439268                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 45550.203282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 45536.401174                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 45515.627104                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 45535.266950                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45553.240165                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 51925.344173                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 51508.154058                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 52511.027523                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 52582.218206                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 51819.692308                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 52725.951456                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 52163.453457                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 52454.054720                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52214.900357                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 46532.832164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 46410.551416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 46536.438003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 46430.035609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 46385.025228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 46510.774436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 46443.804864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 46465.663171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46464.486730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 46532.832164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 46410.551416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 46536.438003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 46430.035609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 46385.025228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 46510.774436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 46443.804864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 46465.663171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46464.486730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 44420.329070                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 44451.631081                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 44461.256660                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 44495.280217                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 44517.718428                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 44486.777070                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 44473.425597                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 44477.416538                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 44473.085348                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 45722.229950                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 46311.681366                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 45905.193385                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 45877.502108                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 45846.631364                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 46046.768557                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 46061.443718                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 46016.177831                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 45972.703971                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 44886.368874                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 45110.162038                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 44983.672268                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 44990.487127                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 44985.794961                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 45043.134123                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 45043.138605                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 45026.255957                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 45008.529040                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            61182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           50391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49587                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       427671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 427671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1115735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1115735                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            57207                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            255615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  255615    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              255615                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           293172648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              56.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          310812284                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             60.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       663719                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       283046                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       335146                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12757                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5920                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6837                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78408                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            370885                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43543                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43537                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            83883                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20723                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29304                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29302                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162111                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162107                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292494                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                981273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1801396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1791690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1789116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1791289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1784816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1780428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1784184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1802670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14325589                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          335027                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           801595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.188537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.005333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 216155     26.97%     26.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 322197     40.19%     67.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 179904     22.44%     89.60% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  65286      8.14%     97.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  15605      1.95%     99.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   2259      0.28%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    176      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                     13      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             801595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          495500281                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             95.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         101557213                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101587169                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         101172758                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            19.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         101251086                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         101367103                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         101469413                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         101588792                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         101399821                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
