
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.941266                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1941266487500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1941266487500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1056307                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1056307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            36524098946                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 374096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56143021                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56143021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            848832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24855488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25705280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       848832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          848832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7407552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7407552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               437257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12803749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13241500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          437257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             437257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3815835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3815835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3815835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              437257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12803749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17057335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        401645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115743                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      401645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     115743                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25697728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7406016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25705280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7407552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          41682                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          23                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1941254508500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  401645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115743                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    401513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      509.908104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     310.461658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     406.215984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15228     23.46%     23.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11644     17.94%     41.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4997      7.70%     49.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2980      4.59%     53.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2446      3.77%     57.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4228      6.51%     63.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1452      2.24%     66.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2063      3.18%     69.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19883     30.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        78.697570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2954.645683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5099     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.681105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.154688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.203626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4492     88.04%     88.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             201      3.94%     91.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39              29      0.57%     92.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              48      0.94%     93.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55              38      0.74%     94.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               6      0.12%     94.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              11      0.22%     94.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              38      0.74%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              34      0.67%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               1      0.02%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            159      3.12%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             2      0.04%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             2      0.04%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             5      0.10%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             1      0.02%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             2      0.04%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             3      0.06%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             3      0.06%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             4      0.08%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             8      0.16%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             4      0.08%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             3      0.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             2      0.04%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             4      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2705942000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10234573250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2007635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6739.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25489.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     358859                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93466                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3752028.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  239349600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  130597500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1564625400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                372107520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           126793670640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            71640444015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1101913691250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1302654485925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              671.035450                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1832853481750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     64822940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     43583902000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  251453160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  137201625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1567285200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                377751600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           126793670640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            72584952255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1101085183500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1302797497980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              671.109115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1831469435000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     64822940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     44967962500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9058452                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10327                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728858                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6353129                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1143                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291932                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15411581                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11470                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020790                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4975133                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5010                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4980143                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3882532975                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56143021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56143021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52016582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324393                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1482534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6465507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52016582                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324393                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71267420                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38489507                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163609                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166486                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15464199                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9095305                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6368894                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3584401371.998154                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               298131603.001846                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.076788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.923212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           8418668                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               3199011      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36202225     64.47%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    61032      0.11%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   38085      0.07%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    3636      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  9322424     16.60%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6374975     11.35%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                 953470      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   56154858                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6377                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     212043                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74906     40.88%     40.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1935      1.06%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106248     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183220                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73539     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1935      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73539     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149144                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1860736112500     95.85%     95.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                92522000      0.00%     95.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               746030500      0.04%     95.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             79691088500      4.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1941265753500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692145                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814016                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4176      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175993     91.21%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6835      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5160      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192944                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5907                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2095                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1910                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1740                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323345                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081146                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392117                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        48524962500      2.50%      2.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5595783500      0.29%      2.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1887145005500     97.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1390004                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.973850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14040102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1390516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.097045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         143374500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.973850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63112993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63112993                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7808536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7808536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5849272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5849272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183025                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199252                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13657808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13657808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13657808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13657808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17249                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17249                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1373285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1373285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373285                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  44750637500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44750637500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17613913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17613913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    232507000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    232507000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  62364550500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  62364550500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  62364550500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  62364550500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8877564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8877564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6153529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6153529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199252                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15031093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15031093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15031093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15031093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086127                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086127                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41861.052751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41861.052751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57891.562068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57891.562068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13479.448084                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13479.448084                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45412.678723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45412.678723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45412.678723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45412.678723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       834533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            834533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17249                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17249                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1373285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1373285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  43681609500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43681609500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17309656000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17309656000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    215258000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215258000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60991265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60991265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60991265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60991265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1450109500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1450109500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2050243500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2050243500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3500353000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3500353000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086127                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086127                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40861.052751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40861.052751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56891.562068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56891.562068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12479.448084                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12479.448084                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44412.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44412.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44412.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44412.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209251.010101                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209251.010101                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 212394.436963                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212394.436963                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211080.805644                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211080.805644                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            928672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.358595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55225516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            929183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.434488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       58555927500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   506.358595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.988982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          57084202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         57084202                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55225516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55225516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55225516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55225516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55225516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55225516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       929343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        929343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       929343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         929343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       929343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        929343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13682743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13682743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13682743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13682743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13682743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13682743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56154859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56154859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56154859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56154859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56154859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56154859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14723.027989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.027989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14723.027989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.027989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14723.027989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14723.027989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       929343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       929343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       929343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12753400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12753400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12753400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12753400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12753400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12753400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13723.027989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13723.027989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13723.027989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13723.027989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13723.027989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13723.027989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65233.633295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3929109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             9.790440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      10607812000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 54990.166282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4743.088898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  5500.378115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.839083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.083929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994308                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         37802165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        37802165                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       834533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       834533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187442                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187442                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       916060                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       916060                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       814318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       814318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       916060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1001760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1917820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       916060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1001760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1917820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        13263                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13263                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       271959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       271959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        402020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       402020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14883886000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14883886000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1737439000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1737439000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33716172000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33716172000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1737439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  48600058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  50337497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1737439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  48600058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  50337497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       834533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       834533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       929323                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       929323                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1086277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1086277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       929323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1390517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2319840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       929323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1390517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2319840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014272                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014272                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250359                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250359                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24615.384615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24615.384615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 127432.712889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127432.712889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 130998.944432                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130998.944432                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 123975.202144                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123975.202144                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 130998.944432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 125013.975311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125211.424805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 130998.944432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 125013.975311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125211.424805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          280                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13263                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13263                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271959                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271959                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16583                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       922500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       922500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13715906000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13715906000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1604809000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604809000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30996582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30996582000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1604809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44712488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46317297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1604809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44712488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46317297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1363484500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1363484500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1939234000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1939234000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3302718500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3302718500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70961.538462                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70961.538462                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117432.712889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117432.712889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 120998.944432                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120998.944432                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 113975.202144                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113975.202144                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 120998.944432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115013.975311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115211.424805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 120998.944432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115013.975311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115211.424805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 196751.010101                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196751.010101                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 200894.436963                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200894.436963                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 199162.907797                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199162.907797                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4638553                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2318842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1502                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1135                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1135                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2022707                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       950299                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1744757                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304240                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304240                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       929343                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1086450                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2787117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4203130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6990247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     59476672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142457836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          201934508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      419768                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      5074727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.029056                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            5070439     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               4288      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        5074727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     3166927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       293383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1394014500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2097540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51205                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51205                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2706196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           215085744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23513000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.339381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1774103808000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.339381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.083711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.083711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21913883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21913883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5427871861                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5427871861                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21913883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21913883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21913883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21913883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126669.843931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126669.843931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 130628.414059                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130628.414059                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126669.843931                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126669.843931                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126669.843931                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126669.843931                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13263883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13263883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3350271861                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350271861                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13263883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13263883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13263883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13263883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76669.843931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76669.843931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 80628.414059                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80628.414059                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76669.843931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76669.843931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76669.843931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76669.843931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1139506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1172672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1297489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30455104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30499692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33157420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            837762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  837762    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              837762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1285186893                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2143459620                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           69854947                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
