
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007450                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     7450335                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    7450335                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  44748                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 535492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   166.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39503232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39503232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14194176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14194176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       617238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              617238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       221784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             221784                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   5302208827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            5302208827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   1905172855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1905172855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   7207381681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           7207381681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      617238                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     221784                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    617238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   221784                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39015296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  487936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                14108480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39503232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14194176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1314                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             75967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             75936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             27707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             27571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             27388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             27619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             27193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       7450249                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                617238                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               221784                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   30351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   21175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   21038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   21013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   20994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   21066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   21037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   21065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   21095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  21098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  21130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  21132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  21102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  21089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  20989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  20897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  21383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  23358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  20515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  20498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  20677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  21227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  19570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  18765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                  17478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                  15176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                  11553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                   7171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                   2963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  12977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  44701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       217818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.887429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.500481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.546588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27528     12.64%     12.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89594     41.13%     53.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57727     26.50%     80.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26380     12.11%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10665      4.90%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3943      1.81%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1360      0.62%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          433      0.20%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          188      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       217818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.833308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.067198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              15      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             35      0.26%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           109      0.82%      1.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          4761     35.80%     36.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          1393     10.47%     47.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           165      1.24%     48.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           647      4.86%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          5508     41.41%     94.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           350      2.63%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            69      0.52%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           128      0.96%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           115      0.86%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         13300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.574812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.531569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.272266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10416     78.32%     78.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              436      3.28%     81.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1086      8.17%     89.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              895      6.73%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              251      1.89%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              107      0.80%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               40      0.30%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               32      0.24%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               14      0.11%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                8      0.06%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                7      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                5      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         13300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     70140821                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                81723487                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3048070                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       115.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  134.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      5236.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1893.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   5302.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1905.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        55.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    40.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   14.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      20.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   398292                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  213942                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                97.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          8.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1645229880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                914016600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7600894080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2283510528                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            486183360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5072981076                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             16222200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            18019037724                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2420.717630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           76                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        248560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       7195054                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            486183360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            160860384                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4325091600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4972135344                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7195116                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        248560                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99719                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55019                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99960                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55278                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99469                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55712                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99320                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55175                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55545                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99058                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55373                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99422                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55005                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99226                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55176                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       628543                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998447                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997186                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125720                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          32      0.01%      0.02% |      628407     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        628543                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            4096                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            40959                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              628415                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1517.183250                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean            957.723931                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev           1635.952449                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      579052     92.14%     92.14% |       44560      7.09%     99.24% |        4463      0.71%     99.95% |         320      0.05%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                628415                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples             120                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         120    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total               120                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         4096                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        40959                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         628295                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1517.472830                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       958.980411                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1635.974461                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      578932     92.14%     92.14% |       44560      7.09%     99.24% |        4463      0.71%     99.95% |         320      0.05%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           628295                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           14                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78447                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           19                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78745                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78764                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           20                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits            8                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           18                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         4503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       623799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       628302                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     5.807272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          571                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1597                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2          590                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77627                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157246                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          796                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79413                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5564448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       114984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5589144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1257968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     5.796192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          518                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77433                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79270                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5555304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       120024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5575176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1255296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6736                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     5.791672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77119                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          539                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2          550                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77366                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79250                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5552568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       117504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5570352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     5.813705                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78745                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77326                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1666                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79526                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5567472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       119952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5593536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1259328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       636208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     5.805038                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78659                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77187                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2          675                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77561                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5557464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5584392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1257648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     5.789669                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78410                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77047                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          541                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1653                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2          644                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77358                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156714                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          239                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79167                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       119016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5569776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1253712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     5.793417                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          589                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2          631                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          870                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79179                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       119808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5573448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     5.792860                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78459                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77062                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1603                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156838                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          780                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          198                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79205                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5548464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       115416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5577192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1254704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    76.950134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0       628302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1234467                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4503                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       841687                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1255878                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       443578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1251653                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5026416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4937904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88881624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60601464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10047024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3548624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     10013224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    30.969215                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::1       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       443588                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       617217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4937904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44441136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15968448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3548704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4937736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    15.430893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0       628302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1234467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4503                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3061                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       841687                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1255878                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       443578                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1251653                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5026416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4937904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     88881624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       472392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60601464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10047024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3548624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     10013224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3736634                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      3703403                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data        13509                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        19683                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         9183                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2525061                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5098392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        19683                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         5528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3754969                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     29893072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    266645016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       972648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      1417176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        73464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    181804392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     40787136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       157464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        44224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     30039752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     5.287769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          571                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          801                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          796                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5564448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.326776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          796                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77627                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79413                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5589144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     5.277555                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          518                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          350                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78454                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5555304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6736                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     6.314830                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77433                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78458                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79270                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5575176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     5.273474                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77119                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          539                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          786                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          335                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78391                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5552568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     6.309871                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78447                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77366                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78393                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79250                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5570352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     5.293916                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77326                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          406                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78706                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5567472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     6.333494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78745                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79526                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5593536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       636208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     5.288125                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77187                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          861                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          421                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78602                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5557464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     6.321951                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78659                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77561                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78604                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5584392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     5.271555                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77047                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          541                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          819                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          405                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          239                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     6.307783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78410                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          239                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77358                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78358                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79167                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5569776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     5.273434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          589                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          794                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          404                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          870                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     6.313401                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          870                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79179                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5573448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     5.274259                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77062                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          780                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          198                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5548464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     6.311461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78459                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          780                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          198                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79205                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       627672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5577192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       633640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    88.899996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       628302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       617235                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       619903                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       627939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       634436                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5026416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44440920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44633016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5023512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1774272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5075488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    65.000272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       617232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4503                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       627939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       617217                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4937904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44440704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15968448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5023512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1774352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4937736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    23.168790                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221794                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       617217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4937904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15968448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1774352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4937736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    38.769639                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221794                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44441136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1774352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     5.287769                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77284                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          571                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5564448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     5.277555                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77157                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          518                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          825                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          350                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78454                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          842                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5555304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     5.273474                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77119                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          786                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          335                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5552568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     5.293916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77326                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          852                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78706                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          814                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5567472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       629648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     5.288145                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77187                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          421                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78602                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          254                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5557464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        61992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     5.271555                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77047                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          541                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          819                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2          405                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          239                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        38952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       626848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     5.273434                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77049                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          794                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::2          404                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78388                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          870                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          227                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5547528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     5.274273                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          381                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          198                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5548536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    88.900023                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::0       628302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2       617235                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       619903                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       627939                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       634436                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5026416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44440920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44633016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5023512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1774272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5075488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    23.168790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::1       617238                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       221784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       221794                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       617217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4937904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     15968448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1774352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4937736                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         4096                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         40959                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           404685                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1515.734868                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean         955.205024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev        1634.993507                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      372876     92.14%     92.14% |       28739      7.10%     99.24% |        2856      0.71%     99.95% |         198      0.05%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             404685                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples           99                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          99    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total             99                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         4096                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        40959                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       404586                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1516.105515                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    956.810233                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1635.021809                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      372777     92.14%     92.14% |       28739      7.10%     99.24% |        2856      0.71%     99.95% |         198      0.05%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        404586                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         4096                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         40959                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           223730                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1519.803097                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean         962.297042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev        1637.685967                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      206176     92.15%     92.15% |       15821      7.07%     99.23% |        1607      0.72%     99.94% |         122      0.05%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             223730                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples           21                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total             21                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         4096                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        40959                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       223709                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1519.945670                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    962.917767                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1637.696715                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      206155     92.15%     92.15% |       15821      7.07%     99.23% |        1607      0.72%     99.94% |         122      0.05%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        223709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          221811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          395429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX          221694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock       143423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock       251993      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       221801      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback       221784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       617238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       221784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX         79576      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS        143429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack       221511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX        142233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS        252000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX        221694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock       143423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data       143429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack          109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock       251993      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data       252000      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       221801      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data       221809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback       221684      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50975     12.59%     12.59% |       50686     12.52%     25.11% |       50265     12.42%     37.53% |       50687     12.52%     50.05% |       50708     12.53%     62.58% |       50292     12.42%     75.00% |       50642     12.51%     87.51% |       50559     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       404814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27723     12.39%     12.39% |       27833     12.44%     24.83% |       28209     12.61%     37.43% |       28121     12.57%     50.00% |       27986     12.51%     62.51% |       28145     12.58%     75.09% |       27813     12.43%     87.51% |       27938     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       223768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     9449872     12.49%     12.49% |     9450863     12.50%     24.99% |     9457169     12.50%     37.50% |     9449931     12.49%     49.99% |     9452722     12.50%     62.49% |     9458219     12.51%     74.99% |     9456663     12.50%     87.50% |     9455445     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     75630884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         160     12.08%     12.08% |         162     12.24%     24.32% |         196     14.80%     39.12% |         176     13.29%     52.42% |         158     11.93%     64.35% |         165     12.46%     76.81% |         169     12.76%     89.58% |         138     10.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         667     12.00%     12.00% |         715     12.86%     24.86% |         691     12.43%     37.29% |         687     12.36%     49.65% |         656     11.80%     61.45% |         702     12.63%     74.08% |         752     13.53%     87.61% |         689     12.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         5559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         231     12.53%     12.53% |         245     13.29%     25.83% |         215     11.67%     37.49% |         234     12.70%     50.19% |         254     13.78%     63.97% |         239     12.97%     76.94% |         227     12.32%     89.26% |         198     10.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         359     11.73%     11.73% |         350     11.43%     23.16% |         335     10.94%     34.11% |         406     13.26%     47.37% |         421     13.75%     61.12% |         405     13.23%     74.35% |         404     13.20%     87.55% |         381     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         3061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       50755     12.59%     12.59% |       50486     12.52%     25.12% |       50068     12.42%     37.54% |       50475     12.52%     50.06% |       50468     12.52%     62.58% |       50087     12.43%     75.00% |       50433     12.51%     87.52% |       50322     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       403094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       27901     12.39%     12.39% |       28014     12.44%     24.83% |       28376     12.60%     37.43% |       28266     12.55%     49.98% |       28189     12.52%     62.50% |       28320     12.58%     75.07% |       27999     12.43%     87.51% |       28136     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       225201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         623     12.31%     12.31% |         636     12.57%     24.89% |         642     12.69%     37.58% |         640     12.65%     50.23% |         656     12.97%     63.19% |         622     12.29%     75.49% |         608     12.02%     87.51% |         632     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         5059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       77761     12.52%     12.52% |       77567     12.49%     25.01% |       77530     12.48%     37.50% |       77833     12.53%     50.03% |       77685     12.51%     62.54% |       77496     12.48%     75.02% |       77548     12.49%     87.51% |       77576     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       620996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |         239     12.69%     12.69% |         251     13.32%     26.01% |         219     11.62%     37.63% |         233     12.37%     50.00% |         261     13.85%     63.85% |         238     12.63%     76.49% |         232     12.31%     88.80% |         211     11.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total         1884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       27718     12.39%     12.39% |       27829     12.44%     24.83% |       28204     12.61%     37.44% |       28102     12.56%     50.00% |       27980     12.51%     62.51% |       28140     12.58%     75.09% |       27807     12.43%     87.52% |       27929     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       223709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       27901     12.39%     12.39% |       28014     12.44%     24.83% |       28376     12.60%     37.43% |       28266     12.55%     49.98% |       28189     12.52%     62.50% |       28319     12.58%     75.07% |       27999     12.43%     87.51% |       28134     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       225198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       50939     12.59%     12.59% |       50672     12.52%     25.11% |       50242     12.42%     37.53% |       50641     12.52%     50.05% |       50680     12.53%     62.57% |       50268     12.42%     75.00% |       50626     12.51%     87.51% |       50529     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       404597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       27715     12.39%     12.39% |       27826     12.44%     24.83% |       28197     12.61%     37.44% |       28101     12.56%     50.00% |       27976     12.51%     62.51% |       28140     12.58%     75.09% |       27806     12.43%     87.52% |       27924     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       223685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          44     10.78%     10.78% |          51     12.50%     23.28% |          54     13.24%     36.52% |          38      9.31%     45.83% |          57     13.97%     59.80% |          58     14.22%     74.02% |          58     14.22%     88.24% |          48     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           7     14.29%     14.29% |           6     12.24%     26.53% |           2      4.08%     30.61% |           6     12.24%     42.86% |           9     18.37%     61.22% |           3      6.12%     67.35% |           8     16.33%     83.67% |           8     16.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4     11.11%     11.11% |           6     16.67%     27.78% |           8     22.22%     50.00% |           3      8.33%     58.33% |           5     13.89%     72.22% |           2      5.56%     77.78% |           2      5.56%     83.33% |           6     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       50741     12.59%     12.59% |       50473     12.52%     25.12% |       50051     12.42%     37.54% |       50462     12.52%     50.06% |       50458     12.52%     62.58% |       50072     12.43%     75.00% |       50417     12.51%     87.52% |       50311     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       402985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |          48     14.12%     14.12% |          34     10.00%     24.12% |          44     12.94%     37.06% |          48     14.12%     51.18% |          34     10.00%     61.18% |          40     11.76%     72.94% |          47     13.82%     86.76% |          45     13.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           9     13.24%     13.24% |           7     10.29%     23.53% |           8     11.76%     35.29% |          10     14.71%     50.00% |           5      7.35%     57.35% |          13     19.12%     76.47% |          12     17.65%     94.12% |           4      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         182     12.25%     12.25% |         185     12.45%     24.70% |         170     11.44%     36.14% |         164     11.04%     47.17% |         209     14.06%     61.24% |         179     12.05%     73.28% |         190     12.79%     86.07% |         207     13.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         1486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         618     15.54%     15.54% |         612     15.38%     30.92% |         440     11.06%     41.98% |         556     13.98%     55.96% |         512     12.87%     68.83% |         422     10.61%     79.44% |         281      7.06%     86.50% |         537     13.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         3978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         183     12.27%     12.27% |         185     12.40%     24.66% |         172     11.53%     36.19% |         164     10.99%     47.18% |         209     14.01%     61.19% |         180     12.06%     73.26% |         192     12.87%     86.13% |         207     13.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           5     41.67%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           3     25.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       27682     12.39%     12.39% |       27785     12.44%     24.83% |       28158     12.61%     37.44% |       28074     12.57%     50.01% |       27928     12.50%     62.51% |       28094     12.58%     75.09% |       27763     12.43%     87.52% |       27883     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       223367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          16     13.11%     13.11% |          17     13.93%     27.05% |          21     17.21%     44.26% |          12      9.84%     54.10% |          15     12.30%     66.39% |          16     13.11%     79.51% |          16     13.11%     92.62% |           9      7.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |          19      8.80%      8.80% |          27     12.50%     21.30% |          25     11.57%     32.87% |          16      7.41%     40.28% |          37     17.13%     57.41% |          29     13.43%     70.83% |          28     12.96%     83.80% |          35     16.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           5     13.51%     13.51% |           4     10.81%     24.32% |           8     21.62%     45.95% |           5     13.51%     59.46% |           6     16.22%     75.68% |           3      8.11%     83.78% |           4     10.81%     94.59% |           2      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           2     12.50%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           7     43.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      606977     12.33%     12.33% |      615803     12.51%     24.84% |      623715     12.67%     37.51% |      616598     12.52%     50.03% |      615980     12.51%     62.54% |      618118     12.56%     75.10% |      608400     12.36%     87.45% |      617675     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      4923266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          10      9.43%      9.43% |          11     10.38%     19.81% |          11     10.38%     30.19% |          19     17.92%     48.11% |          18     16.98%     65.09% |          11     10.38%     75.47% |          12     11.32%     86.79% |          14     13.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total          106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          19      8.96%      8.96% |          24     11.32%     20.28% |          28     13.21%     33.49% |          30     14.15%     47.64% |          17      8.02%     55.66% |          22     10.38%     66.04% |          39     18.40%     84.43% |          33     15.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       27718     12.39%     12.39% |       27829     12.44%     24.83% |       28204     12.61%     37.44% |       28102     12.56%     50.00% |       27980     12.51%     62.51% |       28139     12.58%     75.09% |       27807     12.43%     87.52% |       27927     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       223706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |     3104942     12.38%     12.38% |     3112814     12.41%     24.80% |     3156163     12.59%     37.38% |     3151707     12.57%     49.95% |     3133278     12.50%     62.45% |     3159725     12.60%     75.05% |     3112202     12.41%     87.46% |     3144126     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total     25074957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         136     11.13%     11.13% |         143     11.70%     22.83% |         126     10.31%     33.14% |         160     13.09%     46.24% |         158     12.93%     59.17% |         169     13.83%     73.00% |         162     13.26%     86.25% |         168     13.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         1222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       27714     12.39%     12.39% |       27823     12.44%     24.83% |       28196     12.61%     37.44% |       28099     12.56%     50.00% |       27975     12.51%     62.51% |       28138     12.58%     75.09% |       27805     12.43%     87.52% |       27923     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       223673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |         771     12.50%     12.50% |        1568     25.41%     37.91% |        1253     20.31%     58.22% |         163      2.64%     60.86% |         597      9.68%     70.53% |         603      9.77%     80.31% |         118      1.91%     82.22% |        1097     17.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total         6170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |           4     11.11%     11.11% |           6     16.67%     27.78% |           8     22.22%     50.00% |           3      8.33%     58.33% |           5     13.89%     72.22% |           2      5.56%     77.78% |           2      5.56%     83.33% |           6     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |       22113     12.42%     12.42% |       21338     11.99%     24.41% |       22521     12.65%     37.05% |       21572     12.12%     49.17% |       23207     13.03%     62.21% |       22805     12.81%     75.02% |       22735     12.77%     87.78% |       21748     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total       178039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         223     12.13%     12.13% |         207     11.26%     23.38% |         209     11.36%     34.75% |         246     13.38%     48.12% |         263     14.30%     62.43% |         236     12.83%     75.26% |         242     13.16%     88.42% |         213     11.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       27718     12.39%     12.39% |       27829     12.44%     24.83% |       28204     12.61%     37.44% |       28102     12.56%     50.00% |       27980     12.51%     62.51% |       28140     12.58%     75.09% |       27807     12.43%     87.52% |       27929     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       223709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |     5635801     12.58%     12.58% |     5620234     12.54%     25.12% |     5574642     12.44%     37.55% |     5580597     12.45%     50.01% |     5600496     12.50%     62.50% |     5578142     12.45%     74.95% |     5634499     12.57%     87.52% |     5591813     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total     44816224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       50755     12.59%     12.59% |       50486     12.52%     25.12% |       50068     12.42%     37.54% |       50475     12.52%     50.06% |       50468     12.52%     62.58% |       50087     12.43%     75.00% |       50433     12.51%     87.52% |       50322     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       403094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         183     12.27%     12.27% |         185     12.40%     24.66% |         172     11.53%     36.19% |         164     10.99%     47.18% |         209     14.01%     61.19% |         180     12.06%     73.26% |         192     12.87%     86.13% |         207     13.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |          15     20.27%     20.27% |           2      2.70%     22.97% |          11     14.86%     37.84% |          29     39.19%     77.03% |          11     14.86%     91.89% |           4      5.41%     97.30% |           1      1.35%     98.65% |           1      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           1      4.17%      8.33% |           2      8.33%     16.67% |          14     58.33%     75.00% |           2      8.33%     83.33% |           1      4.17%     87.50% |           2      8.33%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS |         325     11.43%     11.43% |         384     13.51%     24.94% |         351     12.35%     37.28% |         352     12.38%     49.67% |         342     12.03%     61.70% |         351     12.35%     74.04% |         393     13.82%     87.86% |         345     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS::total         2843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv    |         222     12.51%     12.51% |         238     13.41%     25.92% |         207     11.66%     37.58% |         224     12.62%     50.20% |         249     14.03%     64.23% |         226     12.73%     76.96% |         215     12.11%     89.07% |         194     10.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv::total         1775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |         623     12.33%     12.33% |         634     12.54%     24.87% |         642     12.70%     37.57% |         639     12.64%     50.22% |         656     12.98%     63.20% |         622     12.31%     75.50% |         607     12.01%     87.51% |         631     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         5054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       49896     12.60%     12.60% |       49599     12.52%     25.12% |       49200     12.42%     37.54% |       49596     12.52%     50.06% |       49549     12.51%     62.56% |       49222     12.43%     74.99% |       49595     12.52%     87.51% |       49486     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       396143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         248     12.84%     12.84% |         245     12.68%     25.52% |         239     12.37%     37.89% |         240     12.42%     50.31% |         225     11.65%     61.96% |         260     13.46%     75.41% |         245     12.68%     88.10% |         230     11.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack |          17     15.04%     15.04% |          15     13.27%     28.32% |          12     10.62%     38.94% |          10      8.85%     47.79% |          11      9.73%     57.52% |          12     10.62%     68.14% |          18     15.93%     84.07% |          18     15.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack::total          113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           9     20.45%     20.45% |           0      0.00%     20.45% |           2      4.55%     25.00% |           1      2.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |          14     31.82%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |          18     40.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |         133     12.21%     12.21% |         134     12.30%     24.52% |         162     14.88%     39.39% |         144     13.22%     52.62% |         124     11.39%     64.00% |         138     12.67%     76.68% |         139     12.76%     89.44% |         115     10.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total         1089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS |         248     12.83%     12.83% |         245     12.67%     25.50% |         239     12.36%     37.87% |         241     12.47%     50.34% |         226     11.69%     62.03% |         259     13.40%     75.43% |         245     12.67%     88.10% |         230     11.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS::total         1933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       27483     12.39%     12.39% |       27589     12.44%     24.83% |       27927     12.59%     37.42% |       27852     12.56%     49.97% |       27787     12.53%     62.50% |       27876     12.57%     75.06% |       27569     12.43%     87.49% |       27745     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       221828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |         134     12.26%     12.26% |         134     12.26%     24.52% |         164     15.00%     39.52% |         145     13.27%     52.79% |         124     11.34%     64.14% |         138     12.63%     76.76% |         139     12.72%     89.48% |         115     10.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |         222     12.54%     12.54% |         236     13.33%     25.86% |         207     11.69%     37.55% |         223     12.59%     50.14% |         250     14.12%     64.26% |         226     12.76%     77.02% |         214     12.08%     89.10% |         193     10.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total         1771                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         502566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         277256      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         260463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       477991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          24694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        221808      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            617234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       396143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       223760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       221784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         409238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       225198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       690238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       395429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       218564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       392962      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         2153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       222920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTS         1767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTX          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTX         1816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS         2518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       392259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only         1718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only         3195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2494      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       221694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETS           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTX         1526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETX           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTX           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only         4213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L2_Replacement          170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETS           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETX           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS        11624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS        16711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETX         8904      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       392962      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS           84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETX           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock         3195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L2_Replacement        21848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETS           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock         1718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L2_Replacement         8808      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L2_Replacement           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS         6015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX         3112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTX         1468      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       221828      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock         1092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS          129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETX           78      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS_only        28060      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTO           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTS_only           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX          122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX        32391      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTS           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         1937      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         1429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTX           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTS_only            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTX           56      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTS_only           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS        47271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETX        26146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_PUTS         7681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        395426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       395418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETS        20848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETX        11573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        219939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETS          323      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETX           84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS_only        30451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETS         5322      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETX         2911      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTX           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS_only        16785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       221808      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       221802      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock          682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTS           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock         2518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement        30996      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETX           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         1276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L2_Replacement        11661      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L2_Replacement          128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS          750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX          371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       221684      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.L1_PUTS_only          367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack          100      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
