
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.982585                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1982585357000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1982585357000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1043358                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1043358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            33918612914                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 377952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60985541                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60985541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           804544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24689088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            59456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           522432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26076480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       804544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        59456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          864000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7738240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7738240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            385767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                407445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              405805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12452976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               29989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              263510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13152765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         405805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          29989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             435795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3903106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3903106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3903106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             405805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12452976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              29989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             263510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17055871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        407445                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120910                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      407445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     120910                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26068672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7736640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26076480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7738240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          48696                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               8153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          21                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1982577992500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  407445                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120910                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        67564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      500.345036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     302.441164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     405.330516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16348     24.20%     24.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12278     18.17%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5298      7.84%     50.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3150      4.66%     54.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2433      3.60%     58.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4298      6.36%     64.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1531      2.27%     67.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2195      3.25%     70.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20033     29.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          67564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.303198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2854.593157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5406     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.348863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.981514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       21.757339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4806     88.85%     88.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             190      3.51%     92.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39              24      0.44%     92.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              50      0.92%     93.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55              37      0.68%     94.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               6      0.11%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              18      0.33%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              42      0.78%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              29      0.54%     96.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               3      0.06%     96.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            162      3.00%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             1      0.02%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             4      0.07%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             3      0.06%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             2      0.04%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             2      0.04%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             4      0.07%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             6      0.11%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            10      0.18%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             2      0.04%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             2      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             4      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::312-319             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2792890500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10430196750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2036615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6856.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25606.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363877                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96767                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3752359.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  243303480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  132754875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1578049200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                382345920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           129492598560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            72929786580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1125575674500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1330334513115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              671.011108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1872213779250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     66202760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     44165427000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  267480360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  145946625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1599070200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                400988880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           129492598560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            74043413820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1124598800250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1330548298695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              671.118945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1870589115500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     66202760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     45790077000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7416955                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7442                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490672                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5004564                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      812                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187451                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12421519                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8254                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678123                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3482641                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3486512                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3964851833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47325532                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47325532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             43895499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                207106                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1185742                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5567031                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    43895499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       207106                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60349527                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          32725613                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100583                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             102386                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12461430                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7443904                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5017526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3700363584.987226                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              264488248.012774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.066708                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.933292                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7135463                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2703242      5.71%      5.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31183402     65.88%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   51823      0.11%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  25571      0.05%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1656      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7617030     16.09%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5023630     10.61%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                727776      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47334130                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6807                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    162813                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   55930     40.12%     40.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    133      0.10%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1978      1.42%     41.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    435      0.31%     41.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  80947     58.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              139423                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    55420     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     133      0.12%     49.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1978      1.75%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     435      0.39%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   54986     48.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               112952                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1904955657000     96.09%     96.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               92166000      0.00%     96.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              765642500      0.04%     96.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              319863500      0.02%     96.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            76292557500      3.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1982425886500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990881                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.679284                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.810139                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  523      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3026      2.05%      2.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               132550     89.80%     92.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6593      4.47%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4327      2.93%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                147613                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6866                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1281                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1281                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.186572                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.314472                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1977675856500     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3900112000      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3027                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1172695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.333942                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11237582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1173114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.579275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        143226500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.333942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         50910847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        50910847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6343242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6343242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4601243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4601243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       138155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       145460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10944485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10944485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10944485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10944485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       934191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       934191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       249028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5734                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5734                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1183219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1183219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1183219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1183219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42879044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42879044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16797420000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16797420000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    151036000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    151036000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96889000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     96889000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59676464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59676464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59676464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59676464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7277433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7277433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4850271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4850271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       151733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151194                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       151194                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12127704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12127704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12127704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12127704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051343                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051343                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089486                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089486                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037925                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45899.654353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45899.654353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67451.933116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67451.933116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11123.582265                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11123.582265                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16897.279386                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16897.279386                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50435.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50435.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50435.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50435.687730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       672708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           672708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       934191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       934191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5734                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5734                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1183219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1183219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1183219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1183219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17870                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17870                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41944853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41944853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16548392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16548392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137458000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137458000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     91155000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91155000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58493245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58493245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58493245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58493245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1488672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1488672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2316060500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2316060500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3804732500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3804732500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051343                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089486                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089486                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037925                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037925                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44899.654353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44899.654353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66451.933116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66451.933116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10123.582265                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10123.582265                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15897.279386                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15897.279386                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49435.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49435.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49435.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49435.687730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 210086.367485                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210086.367485                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214768.221439                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214768.221439                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 212911.723559                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212911.723559                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           686863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.493433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           46646633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           687375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.861987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      58997592500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   506.493433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.989245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48021627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48021627                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     46646633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       46646633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     46646633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        46646633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     46646633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       46646633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       687497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       687497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       687497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        687497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       687497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       687497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10629492500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10629492500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10629492500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10629492500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10629492500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10629492500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47334130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47334130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47334130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47334130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47334130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47334130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15461.147467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15461.147467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15461.147467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15461.147467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15461.147467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15461.147467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       687497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       687497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       687497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9941995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9941995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9941995500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9941995500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9941995500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9941995500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14461.147467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14461.147467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14461.147467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14461.147467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14461.147467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14461.147467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2508569                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2993                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239364                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1828737                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      342                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105248                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4337306                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3335                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344612                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1989876                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1991092                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3965170714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13660009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13660009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12598388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                178445                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     429702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1355296                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12598388                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       178445                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           17340989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9240436                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               93179                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              95134                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4361445                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2523214                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1838231                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3912374881.998026                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              52795832.001973                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013315                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986685                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1945174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               733210      5.37%      5.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8079835     59.13%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   22791      0.17%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  14367      0.11%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1986      0.01%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2597857     19.01%     83.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1839254     13.46%     97.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                374073      2.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13663373                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2868                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     81018                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   27534     38.52%     38.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1971      2.76%     41.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    523      0.73%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41447     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               71475                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    26667     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1971      3.56%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     523      0.95%     52.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   26144     47.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                55305                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1912303307000     96.46%     96.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              705769500      0.04%     96.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              367699000      0.02%     96.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            69207844500      3.49%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1982584620000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968512                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630781                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.773767                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  435      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2064      2.79%      3.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                65156     88.12%     91.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2261      3.06%     94.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3824      5.17%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.18%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 73942                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2112                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                911                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  447                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.431345                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.153030                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.331454                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       19415818500      0.98%      0.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1728972000      0.09%      1.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1961439827500     98.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2065                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           173710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.751289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4161033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           174222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.883511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      90304766500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   481.751289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.940920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17592927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17592927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2337017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2337017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1705874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1705874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        50407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        53062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        53062                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4042891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4042891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4042891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4042891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       123430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        65652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9249                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9249                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6101                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       189082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        189082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       189082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       189082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1554368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1554368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1876323500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1876323500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     84244000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     84244000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     98989500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     98989500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3430691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3430691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3430691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3430691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2460447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2460447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1771526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1771526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4231973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4231973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4231973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4231973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155039                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.155039                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12593.113506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12593.113506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28579.837629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28579.837629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9108.444156                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9108.444156                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16225.127028                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16225.127028                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18143.934907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18143.934907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18143.934907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18143.934907                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       119711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           119711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       123430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9249                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9249                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6101                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6101                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       189082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       189082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       189082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       189082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3465                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3465                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1430938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1430938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1810671500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810671500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     74995000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74995000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     92888500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92888500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3241609500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241609500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3241609500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241609500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     23714500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     23714500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    747400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    747400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    771114500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    771114500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155039                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155039                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103122                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103122                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11593.113506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11593.113506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27579.837629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.837629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8108.444156                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8108.444156                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15225.127028                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15225.127028                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17143.934907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17143.934907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17143.934907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17143.934907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 200970.338983                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200970.338983                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 223304.451748                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223304.451748                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 222543.867244                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 222543.867244                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           331160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          442.919388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           13331662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           331672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.195319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1976558526500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   442.919388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.865077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13995086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        13995086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     13331662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13331662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     13331662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        13331662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     13331662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       13331662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       331712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       331712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       331712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        331712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       331712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       331712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4531331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4531331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4531331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4531331500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4531331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4531331500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13663374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13663374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13663374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13663374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13663374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13663374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13660.438875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13660.438875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13660.438875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13660.438875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13660.438875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13660.438875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       331712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       331712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       331712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       331712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       331712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       331712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4199619500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4199619500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4199619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4199619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4199619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4199619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12660.438875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12660.438875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12660.438875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12660.438875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12660.438875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12660.438875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7379                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7379                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55683                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55683                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  126124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        82499                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2744123                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2454000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5167000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           215099489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28539000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.566806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1775098751000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.566806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375543                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              175                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22127883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22127883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5428057606                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5428057606                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22127883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     22127883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22127883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     22127883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126445.045714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126445.045714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 130632.884241                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130632.884241                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126445.045714                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126445.045714                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126445.045714                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126445.045714                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            55                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13377883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13377883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3350457606                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350457606                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13377883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13377883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13377883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13377883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76445.045714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76445.045714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 80632.884241                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80632.884241                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76445.045714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76445.045714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76445.045714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76445.045714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   341926                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65167.982973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3685196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   406932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.056049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle              12918028000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54774.174056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4860.572445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5374.369214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      120.511186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       38.356073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.835788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.074166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.082006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.001839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.994385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52705                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991913                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 35906123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                35906123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          792419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               792419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             186                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             557                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 743                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           124095                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            48625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               172720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        674900                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        330771                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1005671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       659420                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       113743                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           773163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              674900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              783515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              330771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              162368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1951554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             674900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             783515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             330771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             162368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1951554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2967                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1808                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4775                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          925                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          929                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1854                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         114970                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7864                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12571                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          940                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13511                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       271540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          337                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271877                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            386510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           386510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3901500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36480500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     40382000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3643000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1056500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4699500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14617384500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1036956000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15654340500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1651627500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    124696500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1776324000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33670754500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43654000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33714408500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1651627500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48288139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    124696500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1080610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     51145073000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1651627500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48288139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    124696500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1080610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    51145073000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       792419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           792419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3153                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2365                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5518                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          964                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          953                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1917                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239065                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295554                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       687471                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       331711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1019182                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       930960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       114080                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1045040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          687471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1170025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          331711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          170569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2359776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         687471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1170025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         331711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         170569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2359776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941009                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764482                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.865350                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.959544                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.974816                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967136                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.415606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018286                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002834                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013257                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291677                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.330343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.048080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.172992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.330343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.048080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.172992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1314.964611                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20177.267699                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8456.963351                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3938.378378                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1137.244349                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2534.789644                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127140.858485                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131861.139369                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127443.057297                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131383.939225                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132655.851064                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131472.429872                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123999.243205                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 129537.091988                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124006.107541                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131383.939225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124933.737808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132655.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131765.638337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125287.399993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131383.939225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124933.737808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132655.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131765.638337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125287.399993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79390                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79390                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          324                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1808                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4775                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          925                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          929                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1854                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       114970                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12571                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          929                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271540                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          337                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271877                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17870                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3465                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        21335                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    212307500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    129803000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342110500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65706500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66436000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132142500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13467684500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    958316000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14426000500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1525917500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114051500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1639969000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30955354500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     40284000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30995638500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1525917500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44423039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    998600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47061608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1525917500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44423039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    998600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47061608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1400094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     22239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1422333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2192043000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    708908500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2900951500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3592137000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    731147500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4323284500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941009                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764482                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865350                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.959544                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.974816                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967136                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.172987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71556.285811                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71793.694690                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71646.178010                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71034.054054                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71513.455328                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71274.271845                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117140.858485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121861.139369                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117443.057297                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121383.939225                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122768.030140                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121479.185185                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113999.243205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 119537.091988                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114006.107541                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121383.939225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114933.737808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122768.030140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121765.638337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115287.456732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121383.939225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114933.737808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122768.030140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121765.638337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115287.456732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 197585.944115                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 188466.101695                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 197436.563021                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 203268.082344                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 211804.152973                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205289.894558                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 201014.941242                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 211009.379509                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 202638.129834                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292756                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            120910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            16821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          11772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            123180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           122316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1193160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1235830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1360657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        82499                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31156480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31238979                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33897219                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            22736                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            883364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  883364    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              883364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1325313892                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2193032106                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           69837727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4790600                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2395468                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       361643                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1240                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1180                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           60                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2107021                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           913350                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1503335                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17046                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11835                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28881                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297634                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297634                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1019209                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1080623                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1918193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3544327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       867106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       539630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6869256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     43998144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    118001405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     21229504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     18604166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              201833219                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          484490                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5237304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.138719                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.345885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                4511205     86.14%     86.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 725687     13.86%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    408      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            5237304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3205453497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           297883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1031366757                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1802104925                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         498533066                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         293884764                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
