
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000261                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   260712500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  260712500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1018019                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1017997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              401917302                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 306320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      660333                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        660333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            69962123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40504387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             3436736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             3927698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            13255981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             5400585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              245481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             3682217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               140415208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       69962123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        3436736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       13255981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         245481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           86900321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           69962123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40504387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            3436736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3927698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           13255981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            5400585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             245481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            3682217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              140415208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          521425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     157788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       157788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               108684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        25901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      108684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             314210                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110290                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        73628                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      48745                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     24883                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              521424.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            26766                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                23493     14.88%     14.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    60645     38.42%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     53.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   48829     30.93%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  24883     15.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    157850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          145.664312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              73097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           437.706587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   145.664312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.284501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.284501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.322266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           294744                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          294744                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4596500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4596500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       359000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11602500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11602500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11602500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11602500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27198.224852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27198.224852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38284.153005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38284.153005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13807.692308                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.692308                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32961.647727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32961.647727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32961.647727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32961.647727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4427500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4427500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6823000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6823000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       333000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       333000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11250500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11250500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11250500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11250500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26198.224852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26198.224852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37284.153005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37284.153005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12807.692308                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12807.692308                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31961.647727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31961.647727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31961.647727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31961.647727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          212.605336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             157384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           337.010707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   212.605336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.415245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.415245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.492188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           158318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          158318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       157384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       157384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          157384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       157384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         157384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       157851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       157851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       157851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       157851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       157851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       157851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38837.259101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.259101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38837.259101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.259101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38837.259101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38837.259101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37837.259101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37837.259101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37837.259101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37837.259101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37837.259101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37837.259101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          521425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     168182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       168182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               110851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        32674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      110851                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             274889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            104194                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        54346                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      41092                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     13254                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              67743.001740                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              453681.998260                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.870081                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.129919                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            34327                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                25108     14.93%     14.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    74636     44.37%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   55216     32.82%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  13254      7.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    168214                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.819046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              28734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           990.827586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.819046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.052381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.052381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           217604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          217604                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        40921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        13075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13075                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        53996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           53996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        53996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          53996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2627500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2627500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1987500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1987500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       248500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       248500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        41084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        13183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        54267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        54267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        54267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        54267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16119.631902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16119.631902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18402.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18402.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4437.500000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4437.500000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17029.520295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17029.520295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17029.520295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17029.520295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1879500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1879500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       192500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15119.631902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15119.631902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17402.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17402.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3437.500000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3437.500000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16029.520295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16029.520295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16029.520295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16029.520295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           67.790334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             167849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           458.603825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    67.790334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.132403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.132403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           168581                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          168581                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       167849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       167849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          167849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       167849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         167849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       168215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       168215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       168215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       168215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       168215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       168215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15263.661202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15263.661202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15263.661202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15263.661202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15263.661202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15263.661202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5220500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5220500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5220500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5220500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5220500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5220500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14263.661202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14263.661202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14263.661202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14263.661202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14263.661202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14263.661202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          521424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     165155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       165155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               110249                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        31462                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      110249                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             277329                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            105715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        54956                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      40791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     14165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              67997.871331                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              453426.128669                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.869592                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.130408                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            33115                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                23895     14.47%     14.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                    74335     45.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   52792     31.96%     91.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  14165      8.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    165187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           27.775093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              30556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1053.655172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    27.775093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.054248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.054248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           220041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          220041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        40622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        13986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        54608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           54608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        54608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          54608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2814500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2814500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       249500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       249500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4860500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4860500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4860500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4860500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        40783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        14094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14094                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        54877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        54877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        54877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        54877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007663                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17481.366460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17481.366460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18944.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18944.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4455.357143                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4455.357143                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18068.773234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18068.773234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18068.773234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18068.773234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2653500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1938000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1938000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       193500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4591500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4591500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4591500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4591500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.007663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16481.366460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16481.366460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17944.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17944.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3455.357143                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3455.357143                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17068.773234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.773234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17068.773234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.773234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           70.166597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             164822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           450.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    70.166597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.137044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.137044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           165554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          165554                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       164822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       164822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          164822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       164822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         164822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7626500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7626500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7626500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7626500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       165188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       165188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       165188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       165188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       165188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20837.431694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20837.431694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20837.431694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20837.431694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20837.431694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20837.431694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7260500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7260500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7260500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7260500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19837.431694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19837.431694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19837.431694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19837.431694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19837.431694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19837.431694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          521424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     169208                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       169208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               110441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        33391                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      110441                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             270379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            102142                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        53219                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      40883                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     12336                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              68253.870839                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              453170.129161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.869101                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.130899                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            35047                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                25824     15.26%     15.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    74433     43.98%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   56647     33.47%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  12336      7.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    169240                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.991280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              27009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           900.300000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    25.991280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.050764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.058594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           213096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          213096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        40712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        12155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        52867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           52867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        52867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          52867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2676500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2676500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1989500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1989500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       259000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       259000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        40875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        12262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        53137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        53137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.805556                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16420.245399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16420.245399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18593.457944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18593.457944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4465.517241                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4465.517241                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17281.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17281.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17281.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17281.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      2513500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2513500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1882500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1882500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       201000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.008726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805556                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15420.245399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15420.245399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17593.457944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17593.457944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3465.517241                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3465.517241                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16281.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16281.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16281.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16281.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           65.768661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             168874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           460.147139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    65.768661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.128454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.128454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           169608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          169608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       168874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         168874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       168874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          168874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       168874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         168874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5371500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       169241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       169241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       169241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       169241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       169241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       169241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14636.239782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14636.239782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14636.239782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14636.239782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14636.239782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14636.239782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5004500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5004500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13636.239782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13636.239782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13636.239782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13636.239782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13636.239782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13636.239782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  349.411371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                            4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.890694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      231.985944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       54.243981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        6.369557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        0.864661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       47.217011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        6.137141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        0.888283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.814098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.003540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.005332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.006546                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    19669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   19669                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           352                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           302                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           358                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1194                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                76                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           64                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             372                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             78                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               64                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5197500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       795500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       744000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7472000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14963500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       740000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3340500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       446500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     19490500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3465000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       105000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       104500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      4093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14963500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3340500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1214500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       446500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        31056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14963500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3340500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1214500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       446500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       31056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          1566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.974359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.174863                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.024523                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.237548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.038251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.174863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.024523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.326711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.038251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.174863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.024523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.326711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53033.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53142.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52619.718310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52503.508772                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52195.312500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49611.111111                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52393.817204                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52375                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        52250                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52480.769231                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52503.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52195.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49611.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52459.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52503.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52195.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49611.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52459.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1222000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       700497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       700497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       698998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3321992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4207500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       645500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       604000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6052000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12113500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       600000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2295500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15051500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2805000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        85000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       297500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        42500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3230000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2295500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24333500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2295500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       646500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24333500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43781.062500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43781.062500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43687.375000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43710.421053                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43033.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43142.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42619.718310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42503.508772                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42509.259259                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42518.361582                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42503.508772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42509.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        43100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42541.083916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42503.508772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42509.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        43100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42541.083916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              261                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     913    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              664148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2946008                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3982                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1866                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2222                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             496                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            273                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              429                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             429                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          656                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        29888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        10944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        23424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        23424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        23488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 116032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1034                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.291562                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.219091                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1499     37.64%     37.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                    871     21.87%     59.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    564     14.16%     73.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                   1048     26.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               3982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1996990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            700500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            501990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            549000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            431977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            553988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            427478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            554487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            432477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
